
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 374404                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   487647                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  47900                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67755988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31330.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11730236378                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278176631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        62336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        61824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        88064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        86912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        87040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               786688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       326144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            326144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20043545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     41537048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2047000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17228919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     41195881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13987836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     58680676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     57913051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     41622340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     57998342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               524202666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2047000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           26184546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         217323201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              217323201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         217323201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20043545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     41537048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2047000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17228919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     41195881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13987836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     58680676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     57913051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     41622340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     57998342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              741525867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         269427                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       220686                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103515                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27240                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2583941                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1538339                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            269427                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       130755                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              337125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         80770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       227711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          160900                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28125                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      3200692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2863567     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          36096      1.13%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          41948      1.31%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          23004      0.72%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          25974      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          14775      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          10480      0.33%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          26230      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         158618      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      3200692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.074864                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.427449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2561765                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       250590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          334074                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2793                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        51466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        43750                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1876689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2430                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        51466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2566315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         28449                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       209976                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          332215                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1874623                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2605378                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      8725882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      8725882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      2197106                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         408272                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          276                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           34961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       179577                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        96848                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        20608                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1869308                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          493                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758338                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249032                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       581682                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3200692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2460738     76.88%     76.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297711      9.30%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159361      4.98%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110526      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96869      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49488      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12420      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7741      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5838      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3200692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1781     45.11%     56.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1730     43.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472403     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27441      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162308      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95972      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758338                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.488579                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3948                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002245                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6723663                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2118876                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1727553                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34042                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          185                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        51466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         22580                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1444                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1869808                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179577                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96848                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          277                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16155                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        31867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1731365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152459                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             248374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         241362                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            95915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.481084                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1727667                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1727553                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         1027612                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2693291                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.480025                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1289856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1582555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        28192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3149226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2502995     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299900      9.52%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125650      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74954      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52029      1.65%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33899      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17767      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13976      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28056      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3149226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1289856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1582555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               239649                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              145535                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           226485                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1426752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        32203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        28056                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4990984                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3791125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 41584                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                398188                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1289856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1582555                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1289856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.790141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.790141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.358405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.358405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        7808479                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2399473                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1750333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         255638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225054                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2627090                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1447829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            255638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       171095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              320411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         73870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        95935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          161253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      3094375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2773964     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          45584      1.47%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          26382      0.85%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          44839      1.45%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          16694      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          41197      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7272      0.24%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          12505      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         125938      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      3094375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071033                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.402300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2606223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       117745                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          319517                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          422                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        26706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1638831                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2609004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         68259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        41284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          316850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1635373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2165465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7442138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7442138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1718554                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         446901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           22746                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       277012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        51794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          569                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        11610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1623890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1507082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1571                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       668344                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3094375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2437484     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215199      6.95%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207585      6.71%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123879      4.00%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69599      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18450      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21245      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          512      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3094375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2891     58.26%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.12%     81.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          924     18.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193198     79.17%     79.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12850      0.85%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249772     16.57%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51146      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1507082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.418764                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6115070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465547                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61400                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         60064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1118                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             296306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         223249                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            51121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.412451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1466209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1465547                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          883252                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2001579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.407223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.441278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1305047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       319145                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3043910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2549526     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199989      6.57%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122168      4.01%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39962      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62853      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13465      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8818      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7841      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39288      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3043910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1145725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1305047                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               265610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              215610                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           198725                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1145163                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        17756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        39288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4628801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3298890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 59678                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                504505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1145725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1305047                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1145725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.141138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.141138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.318356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.318356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6867904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1928792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1706245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         254258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       223939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22642                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161347                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         153905                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16511                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          746                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2615044                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1440192                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            254258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       170416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              318748                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         73462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       104228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          160476                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3088696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2769948     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          45462      1.47%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          26160      0.85%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          44701      1.45%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          16551      0.54%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          41085      1.33%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7208      0.23%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          12414      0.40%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         125167      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3088696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.400178                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2594321                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       125897                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          317853                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        26462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1629522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2597087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         68011                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        49731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          315201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8459                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1626062                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2152252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7398703                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7398703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1707759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         444391                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       276184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        51351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        11514                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1614723                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1498470                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       314078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       665178                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3088696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.108683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2435496     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213590      6.92%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       206934      6.70%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123249      3.99%     96.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69170      2.24%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18300      0.59%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21030      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          416      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3088696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2855     58.22%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1137     23.19%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          912     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1185891     79.14%     79.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12746      0.85%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          114      0.01%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249020     16.62%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50699      3.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1498470                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.416371                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003273                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6092117                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1929063                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1457186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503374                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         59870                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1614967                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13751                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1475961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244475                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             295150                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         222061                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            50675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.410117                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1457848                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1457186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          878341                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1987610                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.404900                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.441908                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1139448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1297357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          233                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22299                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3038492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2547306     83.83%     83.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198453      6.53%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121498      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39706      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62527      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13356      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8749      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7768      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39129      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3038492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1139448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1297357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               264459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              214922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               116                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           197635                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1138226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        17600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        39129                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4614262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3280174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 59442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                510184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1139448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1297357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1139448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.158442                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.158442                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.316612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.316612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6830112                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1917029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1697638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         240559                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216689                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14428                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94978                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83883                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13100                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2531367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1508990                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            240559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        96983                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              297497                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         46106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       402381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          146979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14273                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3262596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.843424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2965099     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          10427      0.32%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          21548      0.66%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           9085      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          48583      1.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          43754      1.34%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           8332      0.26%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17945      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         137823      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3262596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.066843                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.419294                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2503865                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       430356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          296223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        31142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        21232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1768600                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        31142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2507948                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        385405                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        32599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          293529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        11970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1766561                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         5601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2082787                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      8313899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      8313899                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1806300                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         276475                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           30228                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       412957                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       207323                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1916                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        10205                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1760703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1678502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160633                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       395420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3262596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2658629     81.49%     81.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184663      5.66%     87.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149140      4.57%     91.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65114      2.00%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81348      2.49%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75131      2.30%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42886      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3626      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2059      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3262596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4211     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31629     85.97%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          952      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057233     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14684      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399899     23.82%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206586     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1678502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.466396                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36792                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6657737                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1921596                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1662202                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1715294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2897                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20207                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1886                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        31142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        376750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3451                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1760914                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412957                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207323                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        16567                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1665528                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       398390                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             604938                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         217720                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           206548                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.462791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1662327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1662202                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          900070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1784032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.461866                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.504514                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1340047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       186236                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        14508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3231454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2657162     82.23%     82.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211807      6.55%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98581      3.05%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96610      2.99%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26990      0.84%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110269      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8634      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6194      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15207      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3231454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1340047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1574922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               598180                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              392743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           207913                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1400649                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        15207                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4977405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3553480                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 55405                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                336284                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1340047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1574922                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1340047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.685637                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.685637                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.372351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.372351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        8224837                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1936168                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       2095503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         269443                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       220731                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28332                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       109897                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103010                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27274                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1258                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2583674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1538033                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            269443                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       130284                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              336682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         81426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       233312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          160803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28120                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3206213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2869531     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          35945      1.12%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          41703      1.30%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          22962      0.72%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          25790      0.80%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          14799      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          10368      0.32%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          26367      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         158748      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3206213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.074869                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.427364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2561483                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       256225                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          333625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2779                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        52097                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        43716                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1876520                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        52097                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2566065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         25848                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       218159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          331824                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12216                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1874335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2606729                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8723944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8723944                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      2192796                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         413930                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          497                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          281                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           34612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       179560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        96825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        20583                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1869502                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          497                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1756677                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       252748                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       589989                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3206213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2465496     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       298656      9.31%     86.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159851      4.99%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110768      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96467      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49153      1.53%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12177      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7840      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5805      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3206213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           425     10.83%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1786     45.50%     56.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1714     43.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1470962     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27430      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162197      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95874      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1756677                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.488118                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002234                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6725984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2122792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1725595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1760602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2874                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           80                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        52097                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         21222                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1870010                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          281                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16351                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        31984                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1729237                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152175                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27440                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             247995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         241127                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            95820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.480493                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1725715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1725595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         1026663                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2688949                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.479481                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1287373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1579520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       290515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        28322                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3154116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.316192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2507840     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       300602      9.53%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125772      3.99%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74641      2.37%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52088      1.65%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33659      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17719      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13870      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27925      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3154116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1287373                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1579520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               239215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              145264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           226032                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1424052                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        32151                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        27925                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4996213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3792172                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 41658                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                392667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1287373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1579520                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1287373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.795522                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.795522                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.357715                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.357715                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7798671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2397721                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1749890                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         240647                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216762                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92273                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13125                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          654                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2529758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1508972                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            240647                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        97143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              297725                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         46555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       398265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          146967                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14352                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3257465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2959740     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10517      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          21565      0.66%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           9131      0.28%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          48649      1.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          43712      1.34%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8316      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17858      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         137977      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3257465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.066867                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.419289                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2501034                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       427484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          296412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1024                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        31508                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        21253                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1769353                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        31508                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2505203                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        387292                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        26915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          293583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12961                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1767207                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         6474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          155                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2084402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      8316641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      8316641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1803941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         280371                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           31511                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       412665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       206942                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        10227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1761073                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1676802                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1431                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163637                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405585                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3257465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2653258     81.45%     81.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185817      5.70%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149296      4.58%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64394      1.98%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80748      2.48%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75292      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42921      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3679      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2060      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3257465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4219     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31744     85.99%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          954      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056877     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14653      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399016     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206156     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1676802                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.465923                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36917                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022016                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6649417                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1924972                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1660303                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1713719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1956                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        31508                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        377780                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1761284                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206942                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2141                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8956                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        16669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1663645                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397457                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             603570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         217455                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           206113                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.462267                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1660431                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1660303                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          899015                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1783327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.461339                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.504122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1572462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       189034                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        14590                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3225957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2652122     82.21%     82.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212050      6.57%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98581      3.06%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96430      2.99%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26659      0.83%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       109982      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8745      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6160      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15228      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3225957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1337860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1572462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               596817                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              391831                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           207592                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1398505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        15304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        15228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4972225                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3554580                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 55597                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                341415                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1337860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1572462                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1337860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.690027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.690027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.371743                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.371743                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        8213917                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1934542                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       2094105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3598654                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         277753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28776                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113918                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107293                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28032                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2663844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1552524                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            277753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       135325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              322553                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         79352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       152709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          164490                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      3189349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2866796     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          14879      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          23290      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          31627      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          33269      1.04%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          27973      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          15406      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          23896      0.75%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         152213      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      3189349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.431418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2636489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       180605                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          321717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          525                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        50008                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        45590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1902962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        50008                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2644214                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         24720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       138626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          314568                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        17208                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1901356                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         7434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2653761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      8840341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      8840341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      2271307                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         382374                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          455                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           52983                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       178656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        95607                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1159                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        21623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1897930                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1792349                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226820                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       549630                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3189349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2432089     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309676      9.71%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158287      4.96%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       119979      3.76%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        93839      2.94%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37684      1.18%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23874      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12226      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1695      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3189349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           376     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1107     35.80%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1609     52.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1508257     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26647      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          223      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162074      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95148      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1792349                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.498061                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001725                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6777621                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2125221                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1764166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1795441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3802                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1771                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        50008                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         20544                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1898393                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       178656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95607                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          232                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        32609                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1766810                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152745                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25539                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             247866                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         250793                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            95121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.490964                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1764238                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1764166                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         1013633                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2731810                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.490229                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1323884                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1629056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        28911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3139341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2471239     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       331072     10.55%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125300      3.99%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59327      1.89%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50078      1.60%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29015      0.92%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25579      0.81%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11306      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36425      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3139341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1323884                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1629056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               241405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              147578                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           234954                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1467742                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        33549                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        36425                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            5001227                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3846736                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 42220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                409305                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1323884                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1629056                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1323884                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.718255                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.718255                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.367883                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.367883                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7949135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2459037                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1763679                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          448                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3597770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         207754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169452                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83906                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79260                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20635                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1227103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            207754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        99895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              251955                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         68100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       234628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          125301                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21729                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2542142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2290187     90.09%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          13218      0.52%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          21160      0.83%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          31924      1.26%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13199      0.52%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          15720      0.62%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          16305      0.64%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11554      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         128875      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2542142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.057745                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.341073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1983113                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       262195                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          250050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1529                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        45254                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        33708                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          334                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1488360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        45254                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1988182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        112573                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       133673                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          246640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15808                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1485251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         8140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          875                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2031493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6921502                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6921502                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1678275                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         353004                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           45976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       150830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        83391                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1480359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          323                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1382055                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2714                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222761                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521971                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2542142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.230768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1951722     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240315      9.45%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132651      5.22%     91.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86799      3.41%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78706      3.10%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24479      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17391      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6156      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3923      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2542142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           371     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1333     41.14%     52.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1536     47.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1137701     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25426      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137178      9.93%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81597      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1382055                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.384142                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3240                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002344                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5312206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1703513                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356791                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1385295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5696                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1092                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        45254                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         95244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1480682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           49                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83391                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1071                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11863                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25189                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129767                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19999                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             211231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         184821                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            81464                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.378583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1356914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1356791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          803039                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2036505                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.377120                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394322                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255618                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22135                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2496888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1999562     80.08%     80.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       237214      9.50%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98093      3.93%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50456      2.02%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37416      1.50%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21450      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13059      0.52%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11077      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28561      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2496888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1005463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1226063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               196430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              118743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           170307                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1108441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23912                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3950008                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3008815                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 35626                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1055628                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1005463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1226063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1005463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.578222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.578222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.279468                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.279468                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6181670                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1854247                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1409784                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         207911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79271                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1230380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            207911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        99986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              252523                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         68516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       228774                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          125561                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2540258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2287735     90.06%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          13212      0.52%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21199      0.83%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31884      1.26%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13292      0.52%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15763      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          16390      0.65%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          11583      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         129200      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2540258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.057771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.341879                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1986560                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       255971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          250659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1473                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        45594                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33725                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1492146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        45594                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1991581                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         90703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       149311                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          247253                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        15804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1488913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         8230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1156                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2035811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6940149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6940149                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1679772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         356038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          325                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           45640                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       151320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        83852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1484123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1385188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2510                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       526283                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2540258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1949240     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240322      9.46%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132315      5.21%     91.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87184      3.43%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79127      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24467      0.96%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17405      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6173      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4025      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2540258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           373     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1360     41.39%     52.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1553     47.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1139755     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25546      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137676      9.94%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82058      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1385188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.384894                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3286                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5316430                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1359871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1388474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32364                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           71                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1160                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        45594                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         75171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1840                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1484447                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           46                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           71                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13391                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25251                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1365192                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             212123                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         184949                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            81902                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.379338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1359998                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1359871                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          804696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2040348                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.377860                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1227402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22210                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2494664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1996943     80.05%     80.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       237079      9.50%     89.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98395      3.94%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50589      2.03%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37429      1.50%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21484      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13119      0.53%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11092      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28534      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2494664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1006644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1227402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               196809                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              118956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           170425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1109692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28534                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3951777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3016897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 35765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1058622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1006644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1227402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1006644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.575127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.575127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.279710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.279710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6197095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1857602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1413903                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         240407                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93575                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2533621                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1508343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            240407                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        97001                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              297395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         46119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       391867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          147134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14337                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      3254195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2956800     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10428      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21436      0.66%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           9100      0.28%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          48628      1.49%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          43826      1.35%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           8337      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17920      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         137720      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      3254195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.066801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.419115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2505985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       419975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          296143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          986                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        21233                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1767996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2510053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        376196                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        31235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          293425                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1765987                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         5797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2082064                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      8311596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      8311596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1806369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         275683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           30312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       412941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       207362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1924                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        10206                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1760154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1678280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394145                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3254195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2649541     81.42%     81.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185431      5.70%     87.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149554      4.60%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64908      1.99%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81104      2.49%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75100      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42862      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3631      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2064      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3254195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4228     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31630     85.92%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          956      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057078     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14673      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399849     23.82%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206580     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1678280                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.466334                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1920796                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661947                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1715094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        367384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3398                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1760365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        16636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1665231                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       398334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             604874                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         217742                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           206540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.462708                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1662073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1661947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          899839                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1783435                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.461796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.504554                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1340113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       185572                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        14560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3223092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2648356     82.17%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212183      6.58%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98860      3.07%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96576      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26897      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110170      3.42%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8642      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6188      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15220      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3223092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1340113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1574997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               598225                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              392773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           207922                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1400715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        15220                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4968441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3552262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 55473                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                344685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1340113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1574997                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1340113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.685505                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.685505                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.372369                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.372369                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        8223411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1935859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       2094835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         316250                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263240                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30221                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113420                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2745059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1734542                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            316250                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       147131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              360641                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         84860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       200871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          171807                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        3000287     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          21895      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          27661      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          44106      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          18092      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          23861      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          27915      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          12924      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         184187      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3360928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.087875                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.481967                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2728958                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       218716                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          358926                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        54141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        48037                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      2119376                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        54141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2732163                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          7888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       202755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          355896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      2105770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2942335                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      9788131                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      9788131                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      2434531                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         507780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           29370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       198280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       102351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        23119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054625                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1962466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530472     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377944     11.25%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155168      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86813      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117502      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36608      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35773      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19123      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13649     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1653192     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26635      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180473      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101925      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1962466                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.545299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17265                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7305447                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2320858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1909278                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40115                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        54141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          6003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2055129                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        34525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926925                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176973                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35541                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             278870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         272059                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           101897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.535424                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1909320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1909278                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         1143517                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         3071756                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.530520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372268                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1416321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1745050                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        30273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567378     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375215     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136029      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67643      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61865      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26151      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25627      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12161      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34718      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1416321                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1745050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               258585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              158165                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           252975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1571038                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        36012                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        34718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            5327196                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           4164429                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 42883                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                237952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1416321                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1745050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1416321                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.541006                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.541006                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393545                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393545                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        8667636                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2670063                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1958785                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         255153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154248                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16598                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2622650                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1445294                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            255153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       170846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              319832                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         73747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        97520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          160977                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.530965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2771031     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          45536      1.47%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          26301      0.85%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          44786      1.45%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          16649      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          41153      1.33%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           7249      0.23%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          12476      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         125682      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      3090863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070898                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.401595                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2601837                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       119272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          318942                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          420                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        50389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        26612                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1635690                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        50389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2604616                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         68273                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        42825                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          316278                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         8479                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1632230                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2161151                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7427543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7427543                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1714943                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         446181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22686                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       276710                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        51630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          566                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        11574                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1620769                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1504101                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1576                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315164                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       667510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2435226     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214673      6.95%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207336      6.71%     92.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123684      4.00%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69465      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18379      0.59%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21170      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          419      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2876     58.29%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1139     23.08%     81.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          919     18.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1190702     79.16%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12810      0.85%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249493     16.59%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50981      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1504101                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.417936                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6105575                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1936198                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1462650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1509035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        50389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         60094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1621016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276710                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          628                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1481450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             295877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         222820                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            50957                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.411642                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1463313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1462650                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          881606                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1996993                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.406418                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.441467                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1143607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1302387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       318681                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22399                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2547185     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199465      6.56%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121948      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39869      1.31%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62744      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13421      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8790      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7818      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39234      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1143607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1302387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               265197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              215361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           198332                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1142745                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        17686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        39234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4622295                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3292573                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 59587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                508017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1143607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1302387                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1143607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.146955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.146955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.317767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.317767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6854822                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1924861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1703345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         316084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263092                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30203                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120873                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113369                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2743721                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1733605                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            316084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       147065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              360454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         84800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       201159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          171722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28849                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3359649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2999195     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          21885      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          27646      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          44085      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          18084      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          23851      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          27903      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          12920      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         184080      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3359649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.087828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.481707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2727645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       218975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          358742                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        54099                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        48019                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      2118258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        54099                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2730844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          7854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       203060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          355719                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8069                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      2104662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2940754                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      9782971                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      9782971                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2433414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         507313                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           29329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       198178                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       102300                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        23107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          2053561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961491                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552250                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3359649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529603     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377759     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155090      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86772      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117437      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36602      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35750      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19110      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1526      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3359649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13640     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.80%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652379     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180378      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101870      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961491                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.545028                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17256                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7302207                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2319559                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1978747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        54099                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          5979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054065                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198178                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102300                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        34501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1925967                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176880                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             278722                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         271931                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           101842                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.535157                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1908366                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1908324                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         1142924                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         3070128                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.530255                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372272                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        30255                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3305550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566470     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375056     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135963      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67613      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61840      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26139      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25618      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12154      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34697      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3305550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1415664                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1744238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               258453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              158084                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           252862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1570308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        35998                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        34697                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            5324893                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           4162233                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 42854                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                239231                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1415664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1744238                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1415664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.542185                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.542185                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        8663286                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2668745                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1957725                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         204824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21510                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1985839                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1210667                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            204824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        98579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              248487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         67157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       238248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          123823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21551                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2517449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2268962     90.13%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          13041      0.52%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20827      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31570      1.25%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13031      0.52%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15508      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          16122      0.64%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11310      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         127078      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2517449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.056915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.336409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1959999                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       264765                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          246677                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1467718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1964984                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         87750                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       158587                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          243290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        18278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1464831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3702                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2003903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6827427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6827427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1656465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         347385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           45186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       148075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        82276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4194                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1364186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219975                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510007                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2517449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1934398     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237847      9.45%     86.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130793      5.20%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85232      3.39%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77983      3.10%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23992      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17180      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6107      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3917      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2517449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           387     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1307     40.58%     52.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     47.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1123432     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25064      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          151      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       134890      9.89%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80649      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1364186                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.379067                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3221                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002361                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5251305                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1680700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1339532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1367407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5571                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         70818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1460656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24977                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1344492                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       127712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             208220                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         182359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            80508                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.373595                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1339642                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1339532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          792425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2011126                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.372216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394021                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1210147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2472901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1981920     80.15%     80.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234330      9.48%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96696      3.91%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49959      2.02%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36851      1.49%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21161      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12885      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10763      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28336      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2472901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       992428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1210147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               193883                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              117207                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           168100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1094047                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23601                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3906211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2967927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1081351                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            992428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1210147                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       992428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.626258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.626258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.275766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.275766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6102286                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1830364                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1390949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         269342                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       220605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2583447                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1537763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            269342                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       130756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              337048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         80689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       231608                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          160818                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28083                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3203980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2866932     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          36099      1.13%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          41948      1.31%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          23004      0.72%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          25974      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          14776      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10438      0.33%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          26231      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         158578      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3203980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.074841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.427289                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2561390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       254366                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          333996                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        51428                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        43750                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1876155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2430                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        51428                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2565941                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         29226                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       213003                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          332180                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12198                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1874097                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2604873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      8723917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      8723917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      2197179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         407694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       179499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        96852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        20608                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1869036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758178                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       248688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       580986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3203980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2464113     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297663      9.29%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159354      4.97%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110488      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96881      3.02%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49485      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12418      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7738      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5840      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3203980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1777     45.09%     56.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1727     43.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472305     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27439      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162256      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95964      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758178                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.488535                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6726639                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2118259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1727441                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33956                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          144                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        51428                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         23416                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1869535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        31865                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1731205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152406                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             248315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         241365                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            95909                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.481040                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1727555                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1727441                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         1027578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2693324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.479994                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381528                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1289893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1582608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       286962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        28190                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3152552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2506292     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299919      9.51%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125655      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74954      2.38%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52031      1.65%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33900      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17769      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13977      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28055      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3152552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1289893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1582608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               239660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              145543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           226492                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1426801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        32204                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        28055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4994054                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3790573                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 41528                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                394900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1289893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1582608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1289893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.790061                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.790061                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.358415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.358415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7807964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2399393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1749742                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606097229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619437082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50242998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50242998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955989.320189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957398.890263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881456.105263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881456.105263                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.138929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.138929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.113636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.648899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.906910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.032629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   101.783363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1836.925997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.049699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.896937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56661962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165738315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     222400277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56661962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165738315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      222400277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56661962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165738315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     222400277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2266478.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 854321.211340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1015526.378995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2266478.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 854321.211340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1015526.378995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2266478.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 854321.211340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1015526.378995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54466962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    148702042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203169004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54466962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    148702042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203169004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54466962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    148702042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203169004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2178678.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 766505.371134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927712.347032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2178678.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 766505.371134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927712.347032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2178678.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 766505.371134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927712.347032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.494349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          51362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        22.263546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.054159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   127.997373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1864.097186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.010769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.062499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.910204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241103952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      241103952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     241103952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          258                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.496643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          51358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        22.271466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.349631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.043931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   127.911628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1864.191453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.062457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.910250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42220516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202986670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     245207186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42220516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202986670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      245207186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42220516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202986670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     245207186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1835674.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860113.008475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946745.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1835674.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860113.008475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946745.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1835674.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860113.008475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946745.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40200268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182344736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222545004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40200268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182344736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222545004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40200268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182344736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222545004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1747837.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772647.186441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859247.119691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1747837.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772647.186441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859247.119691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1747837.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772647.186441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859247.119691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          501                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         113402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        44.488819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.595368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.925876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1793.843881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.114710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.875900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   509                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 501                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16912186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    469497218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486409404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16912186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    469497218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      486409404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     16912186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    469497218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     486409404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              1010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               1010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              1010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.496040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.496040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.496040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1208013.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 964059.995893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970877.053892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1208013.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 964059.995893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 970877.053892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1208013.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 964059.995893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 970877.053892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15682847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426731259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442414106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15682847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426731259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442414106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     15682847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    426731259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442414106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.488956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1120203.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 876244.885010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883062.087824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1120203.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 876244.885010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883062.087824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1120203.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 876244.885010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883062.087824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          228                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.655673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         135291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        59.520897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.913996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.002378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   103.074430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1835.664869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.050329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.896321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          472                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   473                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 226                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59232992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203811453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     263044445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59232992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203811453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      263044445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59232992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203811453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     263044445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.301043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.324713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.299703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.323319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.299703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.323319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2468041.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1008967.589109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1163913.473451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2468041.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1008967.589109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1163913.473451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2468041.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1008967.589109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1163913.473451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                140                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     140                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57125792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    186075853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243201645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57125792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    186075853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243201645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57125792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    186075853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243201645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.301043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.299703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.299703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2380241.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921167.589109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1076113.473451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2380241.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921167.589109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1076113.473451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2380241.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921167.589109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1076113.473451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          497                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        44.558350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.635377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.603719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   236.265297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1792.495607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.115364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.875242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 499                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14194584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    457664986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     471859570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14194584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    457664986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      471859570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14194584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    457664986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     471859570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              1007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               1007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              1007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.495531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1013898.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 943639.146392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945610.360721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1013898.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 943639.146392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945610.360721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1013898.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 943639.146392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945610.360721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12965384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    415245122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428210506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12965384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    415245122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428210506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12965384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    415245122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428210506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 926098.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 856175.509278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858137.286573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 926098.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 856175.509278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858137.286573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 926098.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 856175.509278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858137.286573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          192                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2046.993928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         118809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        53.039732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.993928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.350383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    88.819709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1904.829908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.043369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.930093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   404                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 194                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77256796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169402046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     246658842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77256796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169402046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      246658842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77256796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169402046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     246658842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.324415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.324415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2759171.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1020494.253012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1271437.329897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2759171.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1020494.253012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1271437.329897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2759171.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1020494.253012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1271437.329897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 82                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      82                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     74797429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    154999493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229796922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     74797429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    154999493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229796922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     74797429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    154999493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229796922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2671336.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 933731.885542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1184520.216495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2671336.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 933731.885542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1184520.216495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2671336.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 933731.885542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1184520.216495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          703                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2044.667200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          86785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        31.581150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         107.138664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    11.879818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   297.712092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1627.936626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.145367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.794891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.998373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            490                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 490                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          418                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   418                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          690                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 703                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     17998678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    644747753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     662746431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48377923                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     48377923                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     17998678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    693125676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      711124354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     17998678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    693125676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     711124354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              1065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             490                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.602662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.607512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.622744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.627119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.622744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.627119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1384513.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1016952.291798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1024337.605873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863891.482143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 863891.482143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1384513.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1004529.965217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1011556.691323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1384513.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1004529.965217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1011556.691323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                379                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     379                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16857278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    589253162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    606110440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     43460956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43460956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16857278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    632714118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    649571396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16857278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    632714118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    649571396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.602662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.622744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.622744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1296713.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 929421.391167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 936801.298300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 776088.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776088.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1296713.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 916976.982609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923999.140825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1296713.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 916976.982609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923999.140825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          696                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2044.661570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          86790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        31.663626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.221974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.936713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   292.307005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1631.195878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.142728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.796482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.998370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          422                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 693                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12663553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    616191640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     628855193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     50948521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     50948521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12663553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    667140161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      679803714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12663553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    667140161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     679803714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              1059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              56                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.596558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.601511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 974119.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 987486.602564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987213.803768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 909795.017857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 909795.017857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 974119.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 981088.472059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 980957.740260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 974119.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 981088.472059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 980957.740260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                374                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     374                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11518403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    561174316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    572692719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     46095887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46095887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11518403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    607270203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    618788606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11518403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    607270203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    618788606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.596558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.601511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.617060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       886031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 899317.814103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 899046.654631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 823140.839286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823140.839286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       886031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 893044.416176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892912.851371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       886031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 893044.416176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892912.851371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          502                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        44.470980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.633333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.591847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   236.222190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1792.552630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.115343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.875270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 502                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486850550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      486850550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     486850550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              1010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               1010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              1010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.497030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.497030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.497030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.121600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.962746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    44.819107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1946.218146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.021884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.950302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60066491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81019902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     141086393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60066491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81019902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      141086393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60066491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81019902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     141086393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2860309.095238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 890328.593407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1259699.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2860309.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 890328.593407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1259699.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2860309.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 890328.593407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1259699.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58221143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73028259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131249402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58221143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73028259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131249402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58221143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73028259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131249402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2772435.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 802508.340659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1171869.660714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2772435.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 802508.340659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1171869.660714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2772435.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 802508.340659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1171869.660714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.496471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          51360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        22.262679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.349460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.040850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   127.759010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1864.347151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.062382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.910326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   476                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40052235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200977031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241029266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40052235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200977031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      241029266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40052235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    200977031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     241029266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.352381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.352381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741401.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851597.588983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930614.926641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741401.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851597.588983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930614.926641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1741401.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 851597.588983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930614.926641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38032835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    180254776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218287611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38032835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    180254776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218287611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38032835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    180254776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218287611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.331927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1653601.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763791.423729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842809.308880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1653601.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763791.423729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842809.308880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1653601.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 763791.423729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842809.308880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.121547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         132080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        61.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.961054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    44.858730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1946.180215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.021904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.950283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   378                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54281557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79361985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     133643542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54281557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79361985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      133643542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54281557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     79361985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     133643542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.196121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2584836.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 872109.725275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1193245.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2584836.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 872109.725275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1193245.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2584836.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 872109.725275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1193245.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52437757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71372185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123809942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52437757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71372185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123809942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52437757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71372185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123809942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.196121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2497036.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784309.725275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105445.910714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2497036.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784309.725275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105445.910714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2497036.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784309.725275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105445.910714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          696                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2044.554422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          86776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        31.658519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.435635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.928814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   291.332671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1631.857303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.142252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.796805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.998318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   418                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 693                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20463619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641154120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     661617739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     60134393                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     60134393                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20463619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    701288513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      721752132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20463619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    701288513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     721752132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.598077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.603039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.623762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.623762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1574124.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1030794.405145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1041917.699213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1036799.879310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1036799.879310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1574124.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1031306.636765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1041489.367965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1574124.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1031306.636765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1041489.367965                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                379                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     379                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19322219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    586526705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605848924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55039740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55039740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19322219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641566445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    660888664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19322219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641566445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    660888664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.598077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1486324.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 942968.979100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954092.793701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 948961.034483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948961.034483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1486324.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943480.066176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 953663.295815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1486324.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943480.066176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 953663.295815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.650945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.894927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.044231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   102.101802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1836.609984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.049854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.896782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48065071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163774426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211839497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48065071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163774426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      211839497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48065071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163774426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     211839497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1922602.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844198.072165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967303.639269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1922602.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844198.072165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 967303.639269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1922602.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844198.072165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 967303.639269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45869472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146737391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192606863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45869472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146737391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192606863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45869472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146737391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192606863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1834778.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756378.304124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879483.392694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1834778.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756378.304124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879483.392694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1834778.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756378.304124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879483.392694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              496.050792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              747005468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1470483.204724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.050792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       160856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       160856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         160856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       160856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        160856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83889870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83889870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83889870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83889870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     83889870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83889870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       160900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       160900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       160900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       160900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       160900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906587.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1906587.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906587.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1906587.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906587.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1906587.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56943524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56943524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56943524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56943524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56943524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56943524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2190135.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2190135.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2190135.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2190135.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2190135.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2190135.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              117758357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             127031.668824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   178.031448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    77.968552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.695435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.304565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       111536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        93509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       205045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         205045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       205045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        205045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    817943720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    817943720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    133143232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133143232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    951086952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    951086952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    951086952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    951086952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       113808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        93655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       207463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       207463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 360010.440141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 360010.440141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 911939.945205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911939.945205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 393336.208437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 393336.208437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 393336.208437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 393336.208437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2336274                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       778758                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    198429071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198429071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    198621371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198621371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    198621371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198621371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 297049.507485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297049.507485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 296008.004471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296008.004471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 296008.004471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296008.004471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              548.055140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643101441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1169275.347273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.012005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.043135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.036878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         161219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        161219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       161253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       161253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150655661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             155475.398349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   161.744347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    94.255653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.631814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.368186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       220725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       270466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         270466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       270466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        270466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1038559434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1038559434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1270049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1270049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1039829483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1039829483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1039829483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1039829483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       223190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       272946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       272946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 421322.285598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421322.285598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84669.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84669.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    231882576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231882576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    232074876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232074876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    232074876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232074876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 326595.177465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326595.177465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              548.044921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643100665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1169273.936364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.000890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.044032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         160443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        160443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49374654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49374654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49374654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49374654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49374654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49374654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       160476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       160476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496201.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1496201.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496201.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1496201.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496201.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1496201.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42476861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42476861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42476861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42476861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42476861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42476861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1769869.208333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1769869.208333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1769869.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1769869.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1769869.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1769869.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150654674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             156280.782158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   161.642203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    94.357797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.631415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.368585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       220201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        49281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       269482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         269482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       269482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        269482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1066798880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1066798880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1268105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1068066985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1068066985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1068066985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1068066985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       222651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       271947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       271947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       271947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       271947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 435428.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435428.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84540.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84540.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 433292.894523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433292.894523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 433292.894523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433292.894523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235646156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235646156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235838456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    235838456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235838456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    235838456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333776.424929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333776.424929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332635.339915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332635.339915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332635.339915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332635.339915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.594549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765427861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1374197.236984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.594549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       146963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       146963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         146963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       146963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        146963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17915752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17915752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17915752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17915752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17915752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17915752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       146979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       146979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       146979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       146979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       146979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1119734.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1119734.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1119734.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1119734.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1119734.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1119734.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17028726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17028726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17028726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17028726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     17028726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17028726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1216337.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216337.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1216337.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216337.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1216337.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1216337.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287973813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             230011.032748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   103.614828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   152.385172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.404745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.595255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       375836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       205236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       581072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         581072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       581072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        581072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         3678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         3678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1936153787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1936153787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1936153787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1936153787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1936153787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1936153787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       379514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       205236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       584750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       584750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 526414.841490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 526414.841490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 526414.841490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 526414.841490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 526414.841490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 526414.841490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    508223180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    508223180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    508223180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    508223180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    508223180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    508223180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 510264.236948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510264.236948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 510264.236948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510264.236948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 510264.236948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510264.236948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              496.019145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              747005375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1473383.382643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.019145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       160763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       160763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         160763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       160763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        160763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87382340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87382340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87382340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87382340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87382340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87382340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       160803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       160803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       160803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       160803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       160803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2184558.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2184558.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2184558.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2184558.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2184558.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2184558.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59498568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59498568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59498568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59498568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59498568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59498568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2379942.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2379942.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2379942.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2379942.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2379942.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2379942.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              117757971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             126621.474194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   178.576358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    77.423642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.697564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.302436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       111306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        93345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       204651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         204651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       204651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        204651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    870203901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    870203901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84908935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84908935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    955112836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    955112836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    955112836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    955112836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       113560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        93493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       207053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       207053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 386070.940994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 386070.940994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 573709.020270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 573709.020270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 397632.321399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 397632.321399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 397632.321399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 397632.321399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       924918                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       462459                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    236246482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236246482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    236438782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    236438782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    236438782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    236438782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 352081.195231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352081.195231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 350799.379822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350799.379822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 350799.379822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350799.379822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.602900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              765427849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1374197.215440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.602900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       146951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       146951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         146951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       146951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        146951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15213820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15213820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15213820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15213820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15213820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15213820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       146967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       146967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       146967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       146967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       146967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 950863.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950863.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 950863.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950863.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 950863.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950863.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14311238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14311238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14311238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14311238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14311238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14311238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1022231.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1022231.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1022231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1022231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1022231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1022231.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  991                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              287972495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             230932.233360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   103.702905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   152.297095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.405089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.594911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       374969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        374969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       204785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       579754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         579754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       579754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        579754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1934996079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1934996079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1934996079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1934996079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1934996079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1934996079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       378658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       204785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       583443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       583443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 524531.330713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 524531.330713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 524531.330713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 524531.330713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 524531.330713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 524531.330713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    496310578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496310578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    496310578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496310578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    496310578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496310578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 499809.242699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499809.242699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 499809.242699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499809.242699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 499809.242699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499809.242699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              500.110346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              746444128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1481039.936508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.110346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.040241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       164452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       164452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         164452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       164452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        164452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85977218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85977218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85977218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85977218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85977218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85977218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       164490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       164490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       164490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       164490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       164490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2262558.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2262558.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2262558.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2262558.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2262558.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2262558.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77567606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77567606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77567606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77567606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     77567606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77567606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2674745.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2674745.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2674745.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2674745.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2674745.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2674745.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              112807021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             137068.069259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   169.793971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    86.206029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.663258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.336742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       111632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        93379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       205011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         205011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       205011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        205011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    670699219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    670699219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1155536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    671854755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    671854755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    671854755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    671854755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       113470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        93393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       206863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       206863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 364907.083243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 364907.083243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82538.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82538.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 362772.545896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 362772.545896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 362772.545896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 362772.545896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    196787219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196787219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    196979519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196979519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    196979519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196979519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 347680.598940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347680.598940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 346185.446397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346185.446397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 346185.446397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346185.446397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.742517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750133206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1494289.254980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.742517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       125276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       125276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         125276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       125276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        125276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     28967665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28967665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     28967665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28967665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     28967665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28967665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       125301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       125301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       125301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       125301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       125301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1158706.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1158706.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1158706.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1158706.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1158706.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1158706.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18107690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18107690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18107690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18107690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     18107690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18107690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1392899.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392899.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1392899.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392899.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1392899.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1392899.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1106                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125036966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             91803.939794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   190.556681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    65.443319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.744362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.255638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        95246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        76778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       172024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         172024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       172024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        172024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1719778751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1719778751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    415830485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    415830485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2135609236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2135609236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2135609236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2135609236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        97870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       175149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       175149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 655403.487424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 655403.487424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 830000.968064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830000.968064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 683394.955520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 683394.955520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 683394.955520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 683394.955520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    678129442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    678129442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48842723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48842723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    726972165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    726972165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    726972165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    726972165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 644609.735741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 644609.735741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 872191.482143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872191.482143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 656112.062274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 656112.062274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 656112.062274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 656112.062274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.751592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750133471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1494289.782869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.751592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         125541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       125541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        125541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18549029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18549029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18549029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18549029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     18549029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18549029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       125561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       125561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       125561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 927451.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927451.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927451.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12772395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12772395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12772395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12772395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     12772395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12772395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 982491.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982491.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 982491.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125037472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             92142.573324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   190.560877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    65.439123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.744378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.255622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        95614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        76917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         172531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       172531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        172531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1624496997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1624496997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    433631678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    433631678                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2058128675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2058128675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2058128675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2058128675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        98212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        77443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       175655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       175655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.026453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 625287.527714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625287.527714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 824394.825095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824394.825095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 658811.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 658811.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 658811.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 658811.995839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    649745377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    649745377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51405021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51405021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701150398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    701150398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701150398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    701150398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 621171.488528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 621171.488528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 917946.803571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917946.803571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 636252.629764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636252.629764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 636252.629764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 636252.629764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.591028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765428016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1374197.515260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.591028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         147118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        147118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       147134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       147134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287973849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             230011.061502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   103.597167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   152.402833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.404676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.595324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       375857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       205251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       581108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         581108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       581108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        581108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       379522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       205251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       584773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       584773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              469.726465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              749898251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1568824.792887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.726465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.023600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       171776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       171776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         171776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       171776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        171776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97706827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97706827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97706827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97706827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97706827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97706827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       171807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       171807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       171807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       171807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       171807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3151833.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3151833.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3151833.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3151833.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3151833.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3151833.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60370644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60370644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60370644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60370644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60370644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60370644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2624810.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2624810.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2624810.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2624810.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2624810.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2624810.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              108919174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             150440.848066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   137.306446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   118.693554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.536353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.463647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       235718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         235718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       235718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        235718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    243818972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243818972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1077863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    244896835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244896835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    244896835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244896835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       137014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        99926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       236940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       236940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 201503.282645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201503.282645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89821.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89821.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 200406.575286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200406.575286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 200406.575286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200406.575286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106079840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106079840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       208392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106288232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106288232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106288232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106288232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 228128.688172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228128.688172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        69464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227111.606838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227111.606838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227111.606838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227111.606838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              548.041842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              643101166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1169274.847273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.997569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.044272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.036855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         160944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        160944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47149597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47149597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47149597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47149597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47149597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47149597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       160977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       160977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       160977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       160977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       160977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1428775.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1428775.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1428775.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40309016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40309016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40309016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40309016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     40309016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40309016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1679542.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1679542.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1679542.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              150655299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             155796.586350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   161.580481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    94.419519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.631174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.368826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       220527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        49577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       270104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         270104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       270104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        270104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1065151207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1065151207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1268534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1066419741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1066419741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1066419741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1066419741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       222984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       272576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       272576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 433516.974766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433516.974766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84568.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84568.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431399.571602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431399.571602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 431399.571602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431399.571602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    233755629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233755629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    233947929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233947929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    233947929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233947929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 330163.317797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330163.317797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329040.687764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329040.687764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 329040.687764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329040.687764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              469.723852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749898166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1568824.615063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.723852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.023596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       171691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       171691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         171691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       171691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        171691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86416504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86416504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86416504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86416504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     86416504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86416504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       171722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       171722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       171722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       171722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       171722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2787629.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2787629.161290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2787629.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2787629.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2787629.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2787629.161290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54586941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54586941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54586941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54586941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     54586941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54586941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2373345.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2373345.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2373345.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2373345.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2373345.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2373345.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              108919063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             150648.773167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   137.373812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   118.626188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.536616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.463384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        99864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         235607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        235607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    244105717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244105717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1078235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    245183952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245183952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    245183952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245183952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       136949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        99876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       236825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       236825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 202409.383914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202409.383914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89852.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89852.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 201300.453202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 201300.453202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 201300.453202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 201300.453202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104357209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104357209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       208423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104565632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104565632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    104565632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104565632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 224907.778017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224907.778017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69474.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69474.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223909.276231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223909.276231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 223909.276231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223909.276231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.727145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750131727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494286.308765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.727145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33062204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33062204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33062204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33062204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33062204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33062204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       123823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       123823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271623.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1271623.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1271623.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20572469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20572469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20572469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20572469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20572469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20572469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1582497.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1582497.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1582497.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125034322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             92412.654841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   189.685114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    66.314886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.740957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.259043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        93591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         93591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        75794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         169385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        169385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1661200135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1661200135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    484653883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484653883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2145854018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2145854018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2145854018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2145854018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        76273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 646884.787773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 646884.787773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1011803.513570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1011803.513570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 704251.400722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 704251.400722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 704251.400722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 704251.400722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    672987132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    672987132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     60615793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60615793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    733602925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    733602925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    733602925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    733602925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 647103.011538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647103.011538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1045099.879310                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1045099.879310                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 668126.525501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668126.525501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 668126.525501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668126.525501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              496.062425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              747005386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1470483.043307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.062425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       160774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       160774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         160774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       160774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        160774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77487446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77487446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77487446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77487446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77487446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77487446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       160818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       160818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       160818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       160818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       160818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761078.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1761078.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761078.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1761078.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761078.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1761078.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48349019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48349019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48349019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48349019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48349019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48349019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1859577.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859577.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1859577.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859577.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1859577.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859577.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              117758332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             127031.641855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   178.352244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    77.647756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.696688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.303312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       111525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        93496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         205021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        205021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    829482287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    829482287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     92724259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     92724259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    922206546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    922206546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    922206546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    922206546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       113795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        93658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       207453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       207453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 365410.699119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365410.699119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 572371.969136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 572371.969136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 379196.770559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 379196.770559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 379196.770559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 379196.770559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1865791                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 466447.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196478460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196478460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196670760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196670760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196670760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196670760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 294129.431138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294129.431138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 293100.983607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293100.983607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 293100.983607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293100.983607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
