
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123104320566                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               647931914103                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 285751                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   369559                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2062920                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67773628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59674.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17052125087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22053361986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4138880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2606848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4150784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2575616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2625024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2573696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2572928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2596096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4855680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2574464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4865152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2570112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2572160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2571392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             46344192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10720128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10720128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        20366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        32428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        20101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        20282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        37935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        38009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        20095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                362064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33620916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        38471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21175926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     33717614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        35352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20922223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21323573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20906626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9836210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20900387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21088586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39443620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20912865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39520563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        35352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20877513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        34312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20894149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        34312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20887910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9836210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               376462758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        38471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        35352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        35352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        35352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        35352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        34312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        34312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36392                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             597867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          87081655                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               87081655                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          87081655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        38471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33620916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        38471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21175926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     33717614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        35352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20922223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        38471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21323573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        34312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20906626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9836210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        35352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20900387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        38471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21088586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        44710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39443620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        35352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20912865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39520563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        35352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20877513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        34312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20894149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        34312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20887910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        36392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9836210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              463544413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20749172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16967062                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023703                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8546133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8180259                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89800                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201337505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117768960                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20749172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10314679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24669615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5893955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9345378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12380147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2037000                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239177891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214508276     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1335426      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2108179      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3363175      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1394266      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1556484      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1664731      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1086963      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12160391      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239177891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070285                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398927                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199419007                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11278702                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24593100                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3824922                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3403610                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143793257                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3066                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3824922                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199722616                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2259836                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8111186                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24357109                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       902217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143703643                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        35945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       246935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       332997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63883                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199488640                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668500348                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668500348                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29246790                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36979                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20511                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2658393                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13685679                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7364987                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222268                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673881                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143510071                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37088                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135826212                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18158050                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40529540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3882                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239177891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181884155     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23013234      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12572263      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8564845      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8014898      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302804      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797300      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610631      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417761      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239177891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31533     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95422     38.26%     50.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122460     49.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113777742     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2149684      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12555697      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7326628      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135826212                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.460094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249415                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511251051                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161706709                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133652090                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136075627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       413732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2449280                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          415                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221969                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8436                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           91                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3824922                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1403628                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143547314                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        32817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13685679                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7364987                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20501                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89781                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182116                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156142                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2338258                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133899830                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11808572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1926379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 155                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19133462                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18845698                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7324890                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453568                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133652956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133652090                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78135561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204119694                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20973290                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2067012                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235352969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185600662     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24093779     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9377986      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5055942      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3781871      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113000      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304526      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164248      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2860955      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235352969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2860955                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          376039221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290920920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3261820                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              56036308                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.952142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.952142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338737                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338737                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603822022                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185243662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134141528                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       21643965                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17752562                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2120731                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8923667                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8452918                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2217726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94275                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206696731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            123046333                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          21643965                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10670644                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27059585                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6022235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     19560042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12736168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2109453                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    257180801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      230121216     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        2918869      1.13%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3388080      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        1867242      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2164201      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1178297      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         803499      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2106160      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12633237      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    257180801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073316                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.416804                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      205030889                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     21258226                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26843652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       203332                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3844700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3510237                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        19737                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    150231688                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        97950                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3844700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      205341088                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6748636                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     13608820                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        26745644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       891911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    150146802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       235071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       410671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           76                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    208643537                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    699077723                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    699077723                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    178146139                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30497393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        39070                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21680                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2395328                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14336851                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7804565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1728949                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        149913710                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39156                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       141661697                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       196317                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18735623                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43392481                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4166                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257180801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197495789     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24008132      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12878351      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8934779      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7820420      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3999719      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       956848      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       622941      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       463822      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257180801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36548     11.93%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132594     43.28%     55.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137205     44.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118591740     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2215421      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17348      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13088501      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7748687      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    141661697                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.479861                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541006859                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168689839                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139322452                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    141968044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358172                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2532988                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          942                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       167483                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8673                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4291                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3844700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       6239618                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       156012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149952999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14336851                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7804565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21679                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       108875                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1229195                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1192279                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2421474                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139582281                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12294382                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2079416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20041096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19526793                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7746714                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.472817                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            139324567                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           139322452                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        82803338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       216930004                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.471937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381705                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104611643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    128346036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21608316                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2132921                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253336101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200902062     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24320482      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10187731      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6118577      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4243180      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2733802      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1423507      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1142491      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2264269      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253336101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    104611643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    128346036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19440942                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11803860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             17457                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18368684                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       115708991                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2611240                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2264269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          401025482                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         303753491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3168305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              38033398                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         104611643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           128346036                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    104611643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.822001                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.822001                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.354358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.354358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      629600556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     193365528                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     140179437                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        34958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20804255                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17013957                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2030867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8541475                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8198484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2140425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89896                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201921739                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            118090397                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20804255                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10338909                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24733007                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5916673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      9202906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12417212                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2044243                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    239698450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      214965443     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1335835      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2111738      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3372793      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1397685      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1559107      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1669633      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1092987      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12193229      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    239698450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070472                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.400016                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199993651                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     11145743                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24656708                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        62015                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3840330                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3410803                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    144191289                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3056                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3840330                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      200296688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2289537                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      7944719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24421364                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       905807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    144104312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents        33526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       247149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       335356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63393                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    200060010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    670351705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    670351705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    170689063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29370947                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        37137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20629                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2674811                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13726294                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7384277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       223022                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1679865                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143919029                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       136205742                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172772                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18235357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40689076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3954                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239698450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182244054     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23076871      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12608211      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8591160      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8036638      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2307848      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1801742      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       612683      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       419243      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239698450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31644     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95778     38.27%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122840     49.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114098420     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2155134      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16504      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12590193      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7345491      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    136205742                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.461379                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            250262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    512532968                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162193140                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134020057                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    136456004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       414363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2460419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          398                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       222524                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8493                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3840330                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1402858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       123008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143956431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9053                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13726294                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7384277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20617                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1187200                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1160426                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2347626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134268612                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11839401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1937130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 158                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19183057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18895977                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7343656                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.454818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            134020921                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           134020057                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        78356514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       204690532                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.453976                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100262510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    122896433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21060573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33290                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2074371                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235858120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185970778     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24160833     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9404684      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5068814      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3790195      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2118754      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1309637      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1167982      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2866443      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235858120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100262510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    122896433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18427628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11265875                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16608                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17641402                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       110738756                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2496625                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2866443                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          376948007                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         291754586                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3272619                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              55515749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100262510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           122896433                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100262510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.944413                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.944413                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.339626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.339626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      605478447                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     185767599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     134505142                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        33260                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20258921                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18092597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1615345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13569941                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13238541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1214670                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49047                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214167167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115043430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20258921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     14453211                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25659729                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5292256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      8761392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12958884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1585574                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    252256159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      226596430     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3914137      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1973998      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3875117      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1242705      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3587751      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         565302      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         908283      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9592436      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    252256159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.389695                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      212159789                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     10817975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25608916                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        20571                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3648904                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1910976                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18942                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    128682407                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        35794                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3648904                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      212388468                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6981495                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3111216                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25381745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       744327                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    128494045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       100325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       567903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    168405076                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    582330572                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    582330572                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    136624931                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       31780135                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        17264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8746                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1719891                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     23186684                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3760351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24682                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       854623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        127830986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       119728856                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23016073                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47106245                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252256159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199754478     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16506145      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17628561      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10169698      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5254339      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1315028      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1561458      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36365      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30087      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252256159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200572     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82555     23.54%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67575     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93886199     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938071      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8519      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21167495     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3728572      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    119728856                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.405566                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350702                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492142568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150864681                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116693974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    120079558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93805                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4718625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          302                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85513                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648904                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       6136713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127848403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23186684                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3760351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8742                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43265                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2424                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          302                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1092521                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619473                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1711994                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118212988                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20865116                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1515868                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           24593478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17973438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3728362                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.400431                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            116720570                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           116693974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        70616997                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       153775773                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.395286                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459221                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92976371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    104671404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23182166                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1605223                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248607255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209640161     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15310795      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9833392      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3094605      1.24%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5138778      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1002959      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635633      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581151      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3369781      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248607255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     92976371                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    104671404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             22142896                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            18468058                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16060076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        91472055                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1308082                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3369781                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373090693                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         259358951                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4782783                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              42958040                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          92976371                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           104671404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     92976371                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.175153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.175153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.314945                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.314945                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      549493991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     152048888                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     136684796                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        17168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21675962                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17774462                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2123904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9087806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8471419                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2225401                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95355                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207012783                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            123158002                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21675962                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10696820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27081251                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6018253                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     19341857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12752848                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2111817                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    257292663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      230211412     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2924372      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3379222      1.31%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1869975      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2165945      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1189154      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         809745      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2110567      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12632271      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    257292663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073425                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417182                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      205347144                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     21039394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26865989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       203152                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3836982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3519565                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        19785                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    150350410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        97701                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3836982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      205658092                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       7425064                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12712494                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26766705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       893324                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    150264415                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       236279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       410854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    208803253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    699554023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    699554023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    178435418                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       30367824                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        39363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21957                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2395677                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14347783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7814225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205630                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1732028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        150039411                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39428                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141865747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       201373                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18636792                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42988717                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4380                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257292663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197515856     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24047790      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12908161      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8940432      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7823729      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4008178      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       959498      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       624607      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464412      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257292663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37640     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129690     42.60%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137115     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118755955     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2215909      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17377      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13118078      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7758428      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141865747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480552                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304445                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541529973                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168716976                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139521232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142170192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358040                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2524822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          896                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8689                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4890                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3836982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       6899105                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       159314                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150078971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        19350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14347783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7814225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21924                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111737                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1232791                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1189852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2422643                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139785040                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12320083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2080705                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20076726                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19559860                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7756643                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473504                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139523496                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139521232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        82903289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       217130663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472610                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104781453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    128554213                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21526213                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35048                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2135965                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253455681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200934387     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24357709      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10205391      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6136643      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4245497      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2743305      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1420354      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1144004      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2268391      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253455681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    104781453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    128554213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19472426                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11822957                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18398409                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       115896714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2615464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2268391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          401267014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         303997935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3170737                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              37921536                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         104781453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           128554213                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    104781453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.817428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.817428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.354934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.354934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      630532054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     193632583                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     140318626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35016                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20269757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18102724                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1615654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13584590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13247678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1215504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48862                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214319976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115119063                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20269757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     14463182                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25676029                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5294321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8599089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12967424                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1585766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    252264717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      226588688     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3917544      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1975165      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3877172      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1241659      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3591055      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         565523      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         908810      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9599101      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    252264717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068661                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.389951                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      212310070                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10658068                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25625389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        20545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3650641                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1911419                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18957                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    128765630                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        35772                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3650641                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      212539182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6898678                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3033049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25397661                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       745502                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    128577289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       100056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       569086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    168502330                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    582709638                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    582709638                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    136712736                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       31789564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        17265                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1722623                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     23207280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3762470                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24444                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       854487                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        127914996                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       119810767                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77241                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23030598                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47142030                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          137                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252264717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199726240     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16517804      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17640990      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10176311      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5258907      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1317172      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1560652      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36478      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30163      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252264717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200081     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82574     23.57%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67626     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93943963     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938695      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8523      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21189167     17.69%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3730419      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    119810767                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.405844                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350281                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492313771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150963234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116772477                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    120161048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        92243                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4724668                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          319                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85905                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3650641                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6055543                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89513                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127932413                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23207280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3762470                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43051                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2421                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          319                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093030                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1712207                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118293692                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20883683                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1517073                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           24613914                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17984643                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3730231                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.400705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            116799253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           116772477                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        70664410                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       153868977                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.395552                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93039879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    104740419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23197139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17191                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1605518                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248614076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209620491     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15321255      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9839398      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3096921      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5142567      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1005028      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635512      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582107      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3370797      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248614076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     93039879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    104740419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             22159172                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            18482607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16070903                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        91531596                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1308700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3370797                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          373180486                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         259528664                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4785854                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              42949482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          93039879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           104740419                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     93039879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.172986                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.172986                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315161                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315161                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      549876597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     152142863                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     136777897                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        17176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       25610204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21323425                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2325029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9758407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9365044                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2756755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222839529                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            140510834                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          25610204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     12121799                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29287458                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6468954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     20241815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13835598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2222475                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    276496166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      247208708     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1796374      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2259333      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3604971      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1517116      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1943094      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2266107      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1037379      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       14863084      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    276496166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086751                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475962                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      221532085                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     21679916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        29148006                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        13953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4122205                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3897831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          656                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    171747468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3189                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4122205                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      221756338                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        715134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     20338207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28937793                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       626481                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    170690517                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        90598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       436858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    238404723                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    793774586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    793774586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    199596747                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       38807936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        41348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21555                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2199992                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15974691                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8359505                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94309                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1896646                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        166654567                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41498                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       159935771                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160391                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20128884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40917217                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1576                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276496166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208728136     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30909143     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12637172      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7080580      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9594542      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2955127      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2906296      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1562395      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122775      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276496166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1101400     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149525     10.73%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142550     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134736580     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2186613      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19793      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14658297      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8334488      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    159935771                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541762                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393475                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    597921572                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186825712                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155775987                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    161329246                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3002152                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          765                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4122205                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        543719                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68779                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166696071                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15974691                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8359505                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21554                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60156                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          765                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1377633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2683069                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157152266                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14417486                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2783503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           22751292                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       22223948                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8333806                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.532333                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            155776350                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           155775987                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        93333218                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       250730588                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372245                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116120479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    143087139                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23609576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39922                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2344894                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272373961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211814166     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30691710     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11140529      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5554005      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5078729      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2132248      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109409      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005574      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2847591      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272373961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    116120479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    143087139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21215733                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12972536                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             19916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         20740295                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       128824790                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2954671                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2847591                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          436222279                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         337515679                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3375575                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              18718033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         116120479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           143087139                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    116120479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.542310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.542310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393343                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393343                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      707123898                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     217674729                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     158853164                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        39888                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20286522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18116967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1615492                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13586452                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13254363                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48902                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214409589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            115204198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20286522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     14470948                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25691878                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5295010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      8601346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12972282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1585723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    252373267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      226681389     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3920202      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1974883      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3878079      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1241602      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3592677      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         566725      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         911075      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        9606635      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    252373267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.390239                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      212395193                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     10665005                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25640869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        20733                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3651463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1913924                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        18966                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    128860287                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        35789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3651463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      212624784                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6877922                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      3058951                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25412951                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       747192                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    128671680                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       100840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       569995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    168639892                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    583129966                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    583129966                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    136826194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       31813692                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        17282                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8750                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1726972                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     23214692                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3765913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       857456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        128007019                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       119897943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77786                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23038383                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47139534                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252373267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199799593     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16525360      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17653959      7.00%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10187191      4.04%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5259649      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1317115      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1563966      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36347      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30087      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252373267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200635     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82601     23.54%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67646     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94019615     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       939643      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8533      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21195720     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3734432      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    119897943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.406139                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350882                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492597821                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151063056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116862471                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    120248825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        95602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4720635                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          316                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85452                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       6031777                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89753                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128024458                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23214692                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3765913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8748                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2438                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          316                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1092190                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1711982                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118382543                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20893611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1515400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           24627843                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17998619                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3734232                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.401006                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            116888954                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           116862471                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        70722152                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       154004710                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.395857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.459221                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93111562                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    104824526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23205105                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17209                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1605367                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248721804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209698348     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15331920      6.16%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9847831      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3100940      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5145274      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004277      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636238      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581593      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3375383      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248721804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     93111562                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    104824526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             22174514                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            18494053                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16083411                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        91606234                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1310090                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3375383                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          373375701                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         259713631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4786379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              42840932                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          93111562                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           104824526                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     93111562                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.170543                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.170543                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.315403                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.315403                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      550283364                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     152271337                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     136876633                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        17192                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       21683931                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17782089                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2122185                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9085513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8483692                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2226908                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95452                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207103529                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            123197035                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          21683931                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10710600                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27108119                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6009598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     19504464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12757032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2110471                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    257566194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      230458075     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2937186      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3392829      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1870178      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2168297      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1188843      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         808490      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2097725      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12644571      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    257566194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417314                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      205436059                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     21203544                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26894223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       202105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3830261                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3519364                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        19816                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    150400678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        98439                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3830261                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      205751908                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6819678                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     13486405                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26789217                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       888723                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    150309399                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       234114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       409662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           60                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    208873748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    699809965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    699809965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    178575892                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30297851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        39631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2382211                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14361306                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7817027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205858                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        150068007                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39719                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       141904950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       200110                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18606983                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42937731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4646                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257566194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197755951     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24068855      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12925198      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8940906      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7818934      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4006430      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       959493      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       625279      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       465148      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257566194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37309     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130571     42.76%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137474     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118781233     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2217279      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17390      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13127154      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7761894      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    141904950                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480685                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305354                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541881558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168716058                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139557894                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    142210304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358593                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2529098                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          918                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1353                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161626                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8693                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4441                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3830261                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       6312566                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       156095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150107856                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14361306                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7817027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22198                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109331                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1353                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231763                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1188773                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2420536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139823667                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12329599                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2081283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 130                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20089777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19569921                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7760178                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473635                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            139559970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           139557894                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        82947303                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       217222903                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472734                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381853                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104863723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    128655226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21454086                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35073                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2134430                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253735933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201176631     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24373945      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10212926      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6140492      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4249944      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2744054      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1422006      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145609      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270326      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253735933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    104863723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    128655226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19487606                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11832205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17498                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18412915                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       115987719                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2617513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2270326                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          401574217                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         304048967                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3170763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              37648005                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         104863723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           128655226                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    104863723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.815218                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.815218                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355212                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355212                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      630731600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     193696740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     140366426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19895121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17952964                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1038064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7575325                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7130025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1095287                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211053753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            124995000                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19895121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8225312                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24739557                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3276374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     29803067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12104168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1042593                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    267810039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      243070482     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         886007      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1814258      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         773749      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4111962      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3654188      1.36%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         708731      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1471838      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11318824      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    267810039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      208873870                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     31996942                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24648803                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        78598                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2211823                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1745724                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    146593149                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2818                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2211823                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      209147531                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      29775682                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1277288                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24486599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       911113                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146509779                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       472836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       297742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9766                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    171933710                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    689978614                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    689978614                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    152572915                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       19360777                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        17013                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8595                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2097599                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     34580741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     17499607                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160285                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       852273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        146229677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17062                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       140580612                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        90785                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11310176                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27139705                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267810039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217329226     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15412417      5.75%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12462993      4.65%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5391486      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6740101      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6383650      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3620947      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290337      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178882      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267810039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        353803     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2701460     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78874      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88164767     62.71%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1227526      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8416      0.01%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33735154     24.00%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17444749     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    140580612                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476199                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3134137                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552196185                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157560533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139373475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    143714749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252387                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1345372                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          545                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3623                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       122019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12388                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2211823                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      29059751                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       274738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146246839                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34580741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17499607                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8594                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       171084                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          125                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3623                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       607089                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611555                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1218644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139606690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33616003                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       973922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           51059072                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18290708                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         17443069                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472900                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            139377176                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           139373475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75276461                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       148538080                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.472110                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113247852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    133084828                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13178244                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1060946                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265598216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217154270     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17823287      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8302768      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8170062      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2261568      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9350850      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       709085      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       519821      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1306505      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265598216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    113247852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    133084828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             50612949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            33235366                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8468                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17574560                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       118344308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1289032                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1306505                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          410554445                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         294738188                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4528293                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              27404160                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         113247852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           133084828                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    113247852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.606797                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.606797                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      690157361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     161812973                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     174538493                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16936                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20282523                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18113024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1616022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13602079                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13254079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214395828                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            115174854                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20282523                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     14470360                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25688468                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5295507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      8598634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12971594                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1586129                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    252353349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      226664881     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3919169      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1976229      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3879132      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1242399      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3592697      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         565738      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         910021      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        9603083      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    252353349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068704                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      212385249                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     10658392                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25637788                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        20480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3651436                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1913490                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        18958                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    128827327                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        35839                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3651436                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      212614222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6873078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3059432                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        25410173                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       745004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    128639108                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       100036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       568735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    168590875                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    582983672                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    582983672                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    136788549                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       31802323                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        17267                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1720845                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     23213136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3765583                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24494                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       854095                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        127975358                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17329                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       119868275                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77713                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23035693                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47138403                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252353349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199791194     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16523693      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17650412      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10181030      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5260598      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1316832      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1563108      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36388      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30094      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252353349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200591     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82588     23.54%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67647     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93993486     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       939259      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8529      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21193687     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3733314      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    119868275                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406038                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492518438                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151028702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116830603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    120219101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94585                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4722773                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          327                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86458                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651436                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       6028341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89737                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127992781                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23213136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3765583                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8736                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2416                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          327                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093314                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619556                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1712870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118351274                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20890973                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1517001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           24624062                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17994903                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3733089                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.400900                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            116857643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           116830603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        70700315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       153943178                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.395749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459262                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93087918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    104796716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23201204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1605899                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248701913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209688728     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15327926      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9845822      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3098300      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5144894      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004595      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635866      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581757      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3374025      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248701913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     93087918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    104796716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             22169486                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            18490362                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16079312                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        91581482                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1309612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3374025                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          373325457                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         259650164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4786789                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              42860850                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          93087918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           104796716                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     93087918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.171348                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.171348                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315323                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315323                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      550138011                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     152223292                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     136843456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        17186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19913748                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17969568                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043376                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7532193                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7140396                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1097888                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211359413                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            125057380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19913748                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8238284                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24759345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3279710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     29556729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12124691                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047871                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    267885798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      243126453     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         887439      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1808907      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         773826      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4119560      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3667515      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         708805      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1477010      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11316283      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    267885798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067455                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423616                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      209156880                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     31772360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24668089                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        78662                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2209804                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1747580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    146695825                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2848                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2209804                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      209432204                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      29555450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1268993                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24504801                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       914543                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146612991                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       477502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       299005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7114                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    172045266                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    690478158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    690478158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    152707907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19337269                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        17020                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8592                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2113632                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34626436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17510418                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160114                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       848916                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        146328787                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17069                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       140715120                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        89117                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11274757                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26946288                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267885798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217324284     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15460013      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12492560      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5388330      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6739196      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6388443      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3623333      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291112      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178527      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267885798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354989     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2703872     86.17%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78878      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88262138     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1224957      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8424      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33760024     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17459577     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    140715120                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3137739                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552542894                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157624248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139498102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    143852859                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253619                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1363654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          536                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3640                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       118399                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12396                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2209804                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      28829978                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       275562                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146345955                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34626436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17510418                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8593                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       170842                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          106                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3640                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       609128                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       615307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1224435                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139730356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33642354                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       984764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           51100298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18308295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17457944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473319                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            139501836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           139498102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75359039                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       148783844                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506500                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113346014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    133200587                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13161368                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16978                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1066287                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265675994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217179943     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17853403      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8313349      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8173051      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2263177      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9350393      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712496      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       519772      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1310410      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265675994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    113346014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    133200587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50654792                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33262773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17589939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       118447374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1290254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1310410                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          410727201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         294933976                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4535301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              27328401                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         113346014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           133200587                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    113346014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.604540                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.604540                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383945                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383945                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      690769638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     161962365                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     174641884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16952                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20214377                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18051715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1610014                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13548189                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13208133                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1212360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48918                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213656467                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            114790346                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20214377                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     14420493                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25600138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5277099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      8733884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12926922                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1580195                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    251648535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      226048397     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3906825      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1967890      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3864219      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1238130      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3578916      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         564010      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         907987      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9572161      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    251648535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068474                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.388837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      211651500                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     10788000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25549552                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        20361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3639118                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1907651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18903                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    128396027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        35700                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3639118                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      211879895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       7032037                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3031621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25322569                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       743291                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    128206576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        99506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       567916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    168022855                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    581021230                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    581021230                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    136322116                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       31700723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        17222                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1717879                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     23136034                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3752545                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       852687                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        127544551                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17285                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       119456412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22960555                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47017060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          142                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    251648535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199267289     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16465535      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17588404      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10148962      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5243300      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1312605      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1556127      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36308      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30005      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    251648535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        199675     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82342     23.56%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67414     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93668578     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       936019      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8499      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21123021     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3720295      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    119456412                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.404643                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            349431                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490988019                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150522708                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116431512                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    119805843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93963                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4706684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          323                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3639118                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6189887                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127561930                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23136034                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3752545                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8721                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2402                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          323                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1088559                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1706408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117945617                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20821050                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1510795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           24541147                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17934374                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3720097                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.399526                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            116458234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           116431512                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        70457268                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       153402831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.394397                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92773426                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    104441021                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23126085                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17143                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1599923                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248009417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209129135     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15275099      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9812263      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3088587      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5127371      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1000603      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       634007      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       579722      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3362630      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248009417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     92773426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    104441021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             22095627                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            18429347                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8552                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16024956                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        91270138                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1305042                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3362630                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          372213542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         258776229                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4770732                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              43565664                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          92773426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           104441021                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     92773426                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.182099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.182099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      548257186                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     151701247                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     136387686                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        17128                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20274215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18106794                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1616402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13590899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13250206                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49043                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214357027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            115138145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20274215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     14466320                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25681037                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5297550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8605693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12969891                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1586546                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    252315858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      226634821     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3917906      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1975911      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3878636      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1241068      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3592554      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         564968      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         909315      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        9600679      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    252315858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068676                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.390016                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      212345511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     10666633                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25630095                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        20492                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3653123                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1911641                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        18953                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    128788251                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        35767                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3653123                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      212574837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6897449                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      3042756                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25402283                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       745406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    128598482                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        99714                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       569413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    168531735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    582805083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    582805083                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    136723232                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       31808493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        17264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1722277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     23212315                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3762710                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       853568                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        127934701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       119821017                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77963                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23041338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47179237                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252315858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199774601     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16515410      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17645099      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10175694      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5261119      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1316363      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1561120      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36300      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30152      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252315858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200626     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82629     23.55%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67612     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93954053     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938788      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8523      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21189329     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3730324      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    119821017                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.405878                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492386722                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150993667                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116783258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    120171884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93452                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4727043                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653123                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6052865                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89394                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127952115                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23212315                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3762710                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8738                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42955                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2422                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1092831                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619274                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1712105                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118303554                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20884896                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1517463                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           24615023                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17986849                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3730127                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.400738                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            116810104                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           116783258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        70672703                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       153887897                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.395588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.459248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93048774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    104749314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23208015                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1606275                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248662735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209668750     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15320275      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9840120      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3097103      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5142814      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003244      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636097      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581224      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3373108      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248662735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     93048774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    104749314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             22161843                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            18485272                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16072376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        91539026                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1308704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3373108                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          373246605                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         259570678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4787913                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              42898341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          93048774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           104749314                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     93048774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.172682                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.172682                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.315191                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.315191                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      549921459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     152159025                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     136798955                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        17172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20244524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18080324                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1612984                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13555061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13231071                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1214239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214030632                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            114977168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20244524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     14445310                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25643609                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5286412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8629408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12949393                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1583123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    251968027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      226324418     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3912006      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1973625      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3872037      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1238793      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3587250      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         564692      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         908783      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9586423      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    251968027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068576                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.389470                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      212023852                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     10685412                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25592739                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        20580                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3645440                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1908811                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18913                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    128602985                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        35696                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3645440                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      212252251                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6899933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3059698                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25365803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       744898                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    128414494                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       100342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       568752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    168288737                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    581979473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    581979473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    136541508                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       31747229                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        17241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1722007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     23179228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3757925                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24742                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       853303                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        127755020                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       119661083                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77275                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22999688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47080764                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    251968027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199500774     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16488030      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17621437      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10164520      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5251582      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1316269      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1559020      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36334      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30061      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    251968027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        199870     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82388     23.56%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67509     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93825605     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       937471      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8511      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21163801     17.69%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3725695      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    119661083                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.405336                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            349767                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002923                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    491717235                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150772320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116626582                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    120010850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4717239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          315                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86490                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3645440                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6056383                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89277                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127772420                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23179228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3757925                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8729                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42897                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2428                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          315                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617989                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1708833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118143522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20857571                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1517561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           24583056                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17962542                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3725485                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.400196                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            116653448                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           116626582                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        70580497                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       153685239                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.395057                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.459254                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92926948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    104611020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23166519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1602906                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248322587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209381454     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15297116      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9828608      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3094037      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5135546      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1001596      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       634617      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       580193      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3369420      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248322587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     92926948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    104611020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             22133424                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            18461989                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16051268                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        91417844                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1306879                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3369420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          372730355                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         259203368                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4779195                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              43246172                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          92926948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           104611020                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     92926948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.176842                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.176842                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.314778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.314778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      549187419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     151950951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     136611365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        17150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295214199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       25632881                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21342537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2328565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9761770                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9378230                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107991                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223018375                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            140604298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          25632881                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12136404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            29310880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6481499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     20007021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13848123                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    276474213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      247163333     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1797324      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2269407      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3607171      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1511230      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1944142      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2265664      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1037933      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       14878009      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    276474213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476279                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      221712112                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     21445280                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        29171849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        13765                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4131206                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3901290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          658                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    171879162                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4131206                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      221937037                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        714475                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     20103243                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        28960706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       627538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    170822652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        90182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       437615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    238589998                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    794383642                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    794383642                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    199705322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       38884676                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        41286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21482                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2206321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15996765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8364538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93658                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1895720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        166793492                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41434                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       160033404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20190840                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41103370                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1488                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276474213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208662351     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30929982     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12646106      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7086169      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9598895      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2957115      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2906960      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563292      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123343      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276474213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103211     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150510     10.78%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142640     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134823337     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187692      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19804      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14662890      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8339681      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    160033404                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542093                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1396361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008725                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598098340                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187026530                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155873657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    161429765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3017209                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116880                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4131206                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        543129                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68390                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166834932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15996765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8364538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21481                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1379159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1309456                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2688615                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157250099                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14424312                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2783305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           22763214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       22240013                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8338902                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            155874069                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           155873657                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        93392141                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       250897109                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116183630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    143164880                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23670777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39946                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2348432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272343007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211750163     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30710234     11.28%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11146173      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5554629      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5082697      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131769      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2111762      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006432      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2849148      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272343007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    116183630                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    143164880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21227214                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12979556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             19928                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         20751546                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       128894797                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2956275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2849148                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          436328710                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         337802537                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3381314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              18739986                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         116183630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           143164880                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    116183630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.540928                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.540928                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393557                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393557                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      707552989                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     217811132                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     158956794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        39912                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32382                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.587153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.875893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.091774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.401890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1666.677247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         365.416241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.813807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.178426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8474                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8474                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40735                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40736                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32335                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32372                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30163309715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30219005323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     28760238                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28760238                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30192069953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30247765561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30192069953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30247765561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8474                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8474                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933790.778125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934444.643403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 871522.363636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871522.363636                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933727.229102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934380.500463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933727.229102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934380.500463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4841                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4841                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27326668334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27379115342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     25862838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25862838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27352531172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27404978180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27352531172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27404978180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845974.501084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846628.384984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 783722.363636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783722.363636                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845910.968672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846564.258619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845910.968672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846564.258619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        20418                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.536164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         233225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        22466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        10.381243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.131234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.595278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1665.473101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         347.336551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.813219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.169598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 38091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20787                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               20787                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  38254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38253                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 38254                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               20397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                20403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20366                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               20403                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67362597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17486707197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17554069794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6316225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6316225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67362597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17493023422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    17560386019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67362597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17493023422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   17560386019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        58450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             58488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20787                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           20787                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        58619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              58657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        58619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             58657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1820610.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 858875.599067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860620.179144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1052704.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1052704.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1820610.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 858932.702642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860676.666128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1820610.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 858932.702642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860676.666128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              11049                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   11049                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           20403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          20403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64113212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15698412284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15762525496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5789425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5789425                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64113212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15704201709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15768314921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64113212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15704201709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15768314921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1732789.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 771041.860707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772786.463500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 964904.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964904.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1732789.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 771098.974222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772842.960398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1732789.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 771098.974222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772842.960398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        32476                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.593828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         168034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        34524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         4.867165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.217893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.208011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1667.916197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         364.251728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.814412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.177857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 40758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8503                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8503                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  40863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40862                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 40863                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               32433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                32466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32428                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               32466                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71355794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29789346609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   29860702403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23485603                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23485603                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71355794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29812832212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    29884188006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71355794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29812832212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   29884188006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             73191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8503                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8503                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              73329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        73290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             73329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1877784.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 919566.186418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920688.878704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 711684.939394                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 711684.939394                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1877784.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 919354.638337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 920476.437073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1877784.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 919354.638337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 920476.437073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4851                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4851                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           32466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          32466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68019394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  26944683210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27012702604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20588203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20588203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68019394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  26965271413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27033290807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68019394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  26965271413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27033290807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.442461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1789984.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 831754.382158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832877.088274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 623884.939394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623884.939394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1789984.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 831542.846090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832664.658627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1789984.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 831542.846090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832664.658627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        20157                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.828447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         161587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        22205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         7.277055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.546815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.159300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1677.938313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         338.184020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.819306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.165129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 37872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6907                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                6907                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  37953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37952                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 37953                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               20156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                20156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20122                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               20156                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59081917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15931548869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15990630786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59081917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15931548869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15990630786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59081917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15931548869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15990630786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        57993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             58028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6907                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            6907                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              58109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             58109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1737703.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791747.781980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793343.460310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1737703.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791747.781980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793343.460310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1737703.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 791747.781980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793343.460310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               2716                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    2716                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           20156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          20156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56096717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14164325823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14220422540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56096717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14164325823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14220422540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56096717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14164325823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14220422540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1649903.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 703922.364725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705518.085930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1649903.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 703922.364725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705518.085930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1649903.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 703922.364725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705518.085930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        20560                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.540790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         233219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        22608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        10.315773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.994395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.615749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1669.769298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         343.161348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.815317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.167559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 38115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20755                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               20755                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  38278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38277                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 38278                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               20541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                20545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20508                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               20545                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69665855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17383971453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17453637308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4393243                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4393243                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69665855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17388364696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    17458030551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69665855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17388364696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   17458030551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             58656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20755                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           20755                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              58823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             58823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1882860.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 847833.176600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849697.546760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1098310.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1098310.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1882860.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 847882.031207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849745.950402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1882860.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 847882.031207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849745.950402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              11082                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   11082                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           20545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          20545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66416428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15583535785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15649952213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4042043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4042043                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66416428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15587577828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15653994256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66416428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15587577828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15653994256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.023952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1795038.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 760024.179916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761888.526021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1010510.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010510.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1795038.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 760073.036279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761936.931419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1795038.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 760073.036279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761936.931419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        20141                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.828224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         161706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        22189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.287665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.553855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.114051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1679.308069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         336.852249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.819975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.164479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        37975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 37976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  38055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38054                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 38055                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               20140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                20140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20107                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               20140                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15829763785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15882254138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15829763785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15882254138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15829763785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15882254138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             58116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              58195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             58195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 787276.261252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788592.558987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 787276.261252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788592.558987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 787276.261252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788592.558987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           20140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          20140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14064093963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14113686916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14064093963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14113686916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14064093963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14113686916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699462.573382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700778.893545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699462.573382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700778.893545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 699462.573382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700778.893545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         9496                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.218153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         219034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        11544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        18.973839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.070986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.010147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1411.868194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         592.268825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.689389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.289194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 31155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9701                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                9701                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  31393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31391                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 31393                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                9496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 9496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                9496                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96013898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7777100283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7873114181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96013898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7777100283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     7873114181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96013898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7777100283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    7873114181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             40651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9701                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            9701                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              40889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             40889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2667052.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822103.623996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829097.955034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2667052.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822103.623996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829097.955034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2667052.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 822103.623996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829097.955034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            9496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           9496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92853098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6946227577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7039080675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92853098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6946227577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7039080675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92853098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6946227577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7039080675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2579252.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 734273.528224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741267.973357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2579252.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 734273.528224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741267.973357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2579252.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 734273.528224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741267.973357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        20136                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.837236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         161800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        22184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         7.293545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.562429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.167130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1678.237341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         337.870336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.819452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.164976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 38066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                6926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  38142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38141                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 38142                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               20135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                20135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20101                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               20135                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63791236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15800421923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15864213159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63791236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15800421923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    15864213159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63791236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15800421923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   15864213159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             58201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            6926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              58277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        58242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             58277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1876212.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 786051.535894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787892.384356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1876212.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 786051.535894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787892.384356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1876212.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 786051.535894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787892.384356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           20135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          20135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60805943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14035368513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14096174456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60805943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14035368513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14096174456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60805943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14035368513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14096174456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1788410.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 698242.302025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700083.161460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1788410.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 698242.302025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700083.161460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1788410.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 698242.302025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700083.161460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        20332                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.528458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         233294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        22380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        10.424218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.114513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.719704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1665.058279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         347.635961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.813017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.169744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 38124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20821                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               20821                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  38287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38286                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 38287                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               20313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                20319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20282                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               20319                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74767137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17157459433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17232226570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4703783                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4703783                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74767137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17162163216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    17236930353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74767137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17162163216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   17236930353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             58437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20821                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           20821                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              58606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             58606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2020733.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 846195.474107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848334.887510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 783963.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 783963.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2020733.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 846177.064195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848315.879374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2020733.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 846177.064195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848315.879374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              11037                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   11037                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           20319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          20319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71518537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15376860835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15448379372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4176983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4176983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71518537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15381037818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15452556355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71518537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15381037818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15452556355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1932933.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758377.433172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760516.879437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 696163.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696163.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1932933.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758359.028597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760497.876618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1932933.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 758359.028597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760497.876618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        37978                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.936820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         207347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        40026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.180308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.658963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.998747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1820.183952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         222.095157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.888762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.108445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 44881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14228                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               14228                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  44911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44910                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 44911                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               37930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                37978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37935                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               37978                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90609200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36376941470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36467550670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     77162926                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     77162926                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90609200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36454104396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    36544713596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90609200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36454104396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   36544713596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             82811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14228                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           14228                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              82889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             82889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2107190.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960143.095785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961443.466122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1607560.958333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1607560.958333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2107190.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960962.288019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962260.087314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2107190.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960962.288019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962260.087314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5957                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5957                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           37978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          37978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86824050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33048428543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33135252593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72946872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72946872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86824050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33121375415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33208199465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86824050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33121375415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33208199465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2019163.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 872289.401193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873589.575349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1519726.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1519726.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2019163.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 873108.617767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874406.221102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2019163.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 873108.617767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874406.221102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        20148                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.833624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         161681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        22196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.284240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.689662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.106873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1679.829320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         337.207769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.820229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.164652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 38039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6834                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6834                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  38116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        38115                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 38116                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               20147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                20147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20113                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               20147                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63094119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15820845379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15883939498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63094119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15820845379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    15883939498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63094119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15820845379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   15883939498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        58151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             58186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6834                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6834                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        58228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              58263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        58228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             58263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1855709.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 786597.990305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788402.218593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1855709.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 786597.990305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788402.218593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1855709.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 786597.990305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788402.218593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           20147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          20147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60108919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14054707588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14114816507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60108919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14054707588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14114816507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60108919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14054707588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14114816507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1767909.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 698787.231542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700591.477987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1767909.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 698787.231542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700591.477987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1767909.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 698787.231542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700591.477987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        38049                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.935353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         207445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        40097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.173579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.687103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.836232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1821.870892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         220.541126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.889585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.107686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 44904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14303                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               14303                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  44935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44934                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 44935                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               38003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                38051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38011                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               38051                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94556219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36122416107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36216972326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     69768589                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     69768589                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94556219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36192184696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    36286740915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94556219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36192184696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   36286740915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             82907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14303                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           14303                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              82986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             82986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2363905.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 951516.374022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953002.982028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1453512.270833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1453512.270833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2363905.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952150.290600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953634.356916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2363905.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952150.290600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953634.356916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5959                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5959                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           38051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          38051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91040319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32788522776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32879563095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     65552940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65552940                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91040319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32854075716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32945116035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91040319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32854075716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32945116035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2276007.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 863696.830493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865183.356446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1365686.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1365686.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2276007.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864330.738891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865814.723266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2276007.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864330.738891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865814.723266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        20114                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.834520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         161560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        22162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.289956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.564357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.106835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1680.241765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         335.921562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.820431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.164024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 37868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6884                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                6884                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  37945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37944                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 37945                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               20113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                20113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               20113                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72449328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16206909403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16279358731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72449328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16206909403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    16279358731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72449328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16206909403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   16279358731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        57946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             57981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6884                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            6884                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              58058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             58058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2130862.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 807157.199213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 809394.855616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2130862.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 807157.199213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 809394.855616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2130862.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 807157.199213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 809394.855616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           20113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          20113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69463404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14443366275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14512829679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69463404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14443366275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14512829679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69463404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14443366275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14512829679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2043041.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 719326.972210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721564.643713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2043041.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 719326.972210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721564.643713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2043041.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 719326.972210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721564.643713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        20129                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.834887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         161607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        22177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         7.287144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.686091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.122493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1678.298978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         338.727325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.819482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.165394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 37974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6825                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                6825                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38051                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38052                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               20128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                20128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20095                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               20128                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61762404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15828096892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15889859296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61762404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15828096892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    15889859296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61762404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15828096892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   15889859296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             58102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6825                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            6825                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              58180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             58180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1871588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787663.443245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789440.545310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1871588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787663.443245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789440.545310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1871588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787663.443245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789440.545310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           20128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          20128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58863639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14063328640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14122192279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58863639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14063328640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14122192279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58863639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14063328640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14122192279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1783746.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699842.181637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701619.250745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1783746.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699842.181637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701619.250745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1783746.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699842.181637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701619.250745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        20123                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.838183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         161518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        22171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.285102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.688603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.052503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1678.311045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         338.786031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.819488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.165423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 37906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6804                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  37984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        37983                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 37984                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               20122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                20122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20089                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               20122                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66351081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16002247193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16068598274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66351081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16002247193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    16068598274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66351081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16002247193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   16068598274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        57994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             58028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6804                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        58072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              58106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        58072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             58106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2010638.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 796567.633680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798558.705596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2010638.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 796567.633680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 798558.705596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2010638.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 796567.633680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 798558.705596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           20122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          20122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63453681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14237883554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14301337235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63453681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14237883554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14301337235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63453681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14237883554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14301337235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1922838.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 708740.283439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710731.400209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1922838.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 708740.283439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710731.400209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1922838.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 708740.283439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 710731.400209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         9495                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.215516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         219089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        11543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        18.980248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.068391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.971943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1412.016403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         592.158779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.689461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.289140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 31195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                9716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  31433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31431                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 31433                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                9495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 9495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                9495                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96382198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7668582670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7764964868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96382198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7668582670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     7764964868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96382198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7668582670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    7764964868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             40690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            9716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              40928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             40928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2753777.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810632.417548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817795.141443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2753777.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810632.417548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817795.141443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2753777.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810632.417548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817795.141443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            9495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           9495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93309098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6837902132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931211230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93309098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6837902132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931211230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93309098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6837902132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931211230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2665974.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722822.635518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729985.384939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2665974.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722822.635518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729985.384939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2665974.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722822.635518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729985.384939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.078454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012388136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1917401.772727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.078454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.059421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12380087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12380087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12380087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12380087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12380087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12380087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12380147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12380147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12380147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12380147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12380147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12380147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73070                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180703881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2464.390271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.178151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.821849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8580958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8580958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20321                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15689470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15689470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       189878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       190867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       190867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83426474441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83426474441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    380588639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    380588639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83807063080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83807063080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83807063080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83807063080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8770836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8770836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20321                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15880337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15880337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439368.828622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439368.828622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 384821.677452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 384821.677452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439086.186088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439086.186088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439086.186088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439086.186088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       524137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       524137                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       116947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       116947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33099834536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33099834536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35888300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35888300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33135722836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33135722836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33135722836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33135722836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453851.373709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453851.373709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 258189.208633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258189.208633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453479.168414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453479.168414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453479.168414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453479.168414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.235131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1008298565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1939035.701923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.235131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12736119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12736119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12736119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12736119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12736119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12736119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89470496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89470496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89470496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89470496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89470496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89470496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12736168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12736168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12736168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12736168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12736168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12736168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825928.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1825928.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825928.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1825928.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825928.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1825928.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67753727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67753727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67753727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67753727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67753727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67753727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1782992.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782992.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1782992.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782992.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1782992.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782992.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                58619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              172693682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                58875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2933.226021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.934628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.065372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8969121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8969121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7593818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7593818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18430                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18430                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16562939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       16562939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16562939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      16562939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       199936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       199936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       205784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       205784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       205784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       205784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  85041352974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85041352974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3533411951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3533411951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88574764925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88574764925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88574764925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88574764925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9169057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9169057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7599666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7599666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16768723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16768723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16768723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16768723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 425342.874590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425342.874590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 604208.609952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 604208.609952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 430425.907383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430425.907383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 430425.907383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430425.907383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49694872                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 501968.404040                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           20787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       141486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       147165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       147165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        58450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        58619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        58619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20160534636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20160534636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16994687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16994687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20177529323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20177529323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20177529323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20177529323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 344919.326536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344919.326536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100560.278107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100560.278107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 344214.833467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344214.833467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 344214.833467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344214.833467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              527.921057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1012425201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1913847.260870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.921057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.060771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12417152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12417152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12417152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12417152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12417152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12417152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    110209930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110209930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    110209930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110209930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    110209930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110209930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12417212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12417212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12417212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12417212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12417212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12417212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1836832.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1836832.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1836832.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1836832.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1836832.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1836832.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71742553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71742553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71742553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71742553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71742553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71742553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1839552.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1839552.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1839552.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1839552.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1839552.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1839552.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                73290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              180745333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                73546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2457.582098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.180345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.819655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8603522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8603522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7127231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7127231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20448                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20448                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16630                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15730753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15730753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15730753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15730753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       190598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       191518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       191518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       191518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       191518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  82565716911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82565716911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292866788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    292866788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  82858583699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82858583699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  82858583699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82858583699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8794120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8794120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7128151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7128151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20448                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20448                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15922271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15922271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15922271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15922271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 433192.986868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433192.986868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318333.465217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 318333.465217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 432641.233195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432641.233195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 432641.233195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432641.233195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       117446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       118228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       118228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        73152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        73290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        73290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32735255571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32735255571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     30528232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30528232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32765783803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32765783803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32765783803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32765783803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 447496.385212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447496.385212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 221219.072464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221219.072464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 447070.320685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447070.320685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 447070.320685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447070.320685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              559.033129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              926777380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1649070.071174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.902576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.130553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12958833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12958833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12958833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12958833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12958833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12958833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81010857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81010857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81010857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81010857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81010857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81010857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12958884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12958884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12958884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12958884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12958884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12958884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1588448.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1588448.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1588448.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1588448.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1588448.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1588448.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59447049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59447049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59447049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59447049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59447049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59447049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1698487.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698487.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1698487.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698487.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1698487.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698487.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                58074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              224831569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                58330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3854.475724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   202.035368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    53.964632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.789201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.210799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19054824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19054824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3657111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3657111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     22711935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       22711935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     22711935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      22711935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       205657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       205657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91856281710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91856281710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32040089                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32040089                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91888321799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91888321799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91888321799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91888321799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19260112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19260112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3657480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3657480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8584                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8584                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     22917592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22917592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     22917592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22917592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 447450.809156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447450.809156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86829.509485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86829.509485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446803.764516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446803.764516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446803.764516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446803.764516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        57993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18582038514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18582038514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5277555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5277555                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18587316069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18587316069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18587316069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18587316069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320418.645595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320418.645595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        65155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320062.610962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320062.610962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 320062.610962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320062.610962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.195604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1008315245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1939067.778846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.195604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12752799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12752799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12752799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12752799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12752799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12752799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94213053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94213053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94213053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94213053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94213053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94213053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12752848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12752848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12752848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12752848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12752848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12752848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1922715.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1922715.367347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1922715.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1922715.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1922715.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1922715.367347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70073619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70073619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70073619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70073619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     70073619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70073619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844042.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844042.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844042.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844042.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1844042.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844042.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                58785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172725638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                59041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2925.520198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.933679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.066321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8988444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8988444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7606040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7606040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17508                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17508                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16594484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16594484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16594484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16594484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       201039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       201039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       206987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       206987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       206987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       206987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  85090288554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85090288554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3784449320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3784449320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  88874737874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88874737874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  88874737874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88874737874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9189483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9189483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7611988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7611988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16801471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16801471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16801471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16801471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000781                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 423252.645278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423252.645278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 636255.770007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 636255.770007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 429373.525265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429373.525265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 429373.525265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429373.525265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     56672866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets           101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 561117.485149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           20755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       142421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       148202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       148202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       148202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       148202                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20060669660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20060669660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15022410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15022410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20075692070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20075692070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20075692070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20075692070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 342227.125798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342227.125798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 89954.550898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89954.550898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341510.454538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341510.454538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341510.454538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341510.454538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.228805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              926785924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1652024.819964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.222648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.006157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12967377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12967377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12967377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12967377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12967377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12967377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12967424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12967424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12967424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12967424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12967424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12967424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                58161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224852430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                58417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3849.092387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.500034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.499966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.791016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.208984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19073937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19073937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3658850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3658850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     22732787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       22732787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     22732787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      22732787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       205678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       205678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91347170148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91347170148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     30012258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30012258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91377182406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91377182406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  91377182406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91377182406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19279266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19279266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3659199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3659199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     22938465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22938465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     22938465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22938465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444881.970632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444881.970632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85995.008596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85995.008596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444273.001517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444273.001517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444273.001517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444273.001517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18486754229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18486754229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5115342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5115342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18491869571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18491869571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18491869571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18491869571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 318287.149702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318287.149702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64751.164557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64751.164557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317942.772150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317942.772150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 317942.772150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317942.772150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              490.675611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1011198066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2051111.695740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.675611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.057172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13835546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13835546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13835546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13835546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13835546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13835546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    148927311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148927311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    148927311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    148927311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    148927311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    148927311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13835596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13835596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13835596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13835596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13835596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13835596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2978546.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2978546.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2978546.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2978546.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2978546.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2978546.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2072964                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       690988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96460466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96460466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96460466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96460466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96460466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96460466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2538433.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2538433.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2538433.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2538433.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2538433.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2538433.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                40851                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165644295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                41107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4029.588513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.329029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.670971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     11039334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11039334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8200444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8200444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21237                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21237                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19944                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19944                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19239778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       19239778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19239778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      19239778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       105316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       107774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       107774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       107774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       107774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23724306668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23724306668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    157736096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157736096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23882042764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23882042764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23882042764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23882042764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     11144650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11144650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8202902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8202902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        21237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19944                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19944                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19347552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19347552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19347552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19347552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225267.828896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225267.828896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64172.537022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64172.537022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221593.730993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221593.730993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221593.730993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221593.730993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           52                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        64703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66923                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66923                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9881712499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9881712499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17374898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17374898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9899087397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9899087397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9899087397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9899087397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 243314.025041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243314.025041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73003.773109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73003.773109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242321.788867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242321.788867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242321.788867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242321.788867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              559.317792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              926790778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1649093.911032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.187081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.130712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12972231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12972231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12972231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12972231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12972231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12972231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86843076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86843076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86843076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86843076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86843076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86843076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12972282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12972282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12972282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12972282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12972282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12972282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1702805.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1702805.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1702805.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1702805.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1702805.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1702805.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64174943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64174943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64174943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64174943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64174943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64174943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1833569.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833569.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1833569.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833569.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1833569.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1833569.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                58242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              224861323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                58498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3843.914715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   202.483402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    53.516598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.790951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.209049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19078918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19078918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3662749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3662749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8673                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8673                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8596                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8596                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     22741667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       22741667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     22741667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      22741667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       205684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       206013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       206013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       206013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  91009144833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91009144833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     28380360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28380360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  91037525193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91037525193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  91037525193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91037525193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19284602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19284602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3663078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3663078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8673                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8673                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8596                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     22947680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22947680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     22947680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22947680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442470.706681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442470.706681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86262.492401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86262.492401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 441901.846937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441901.846937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 441901.846937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441901.846937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            6926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       147771                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147771                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        58242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18463377546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18463377546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4932385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4932385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18468309931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18468309931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18468309931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18468309931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317425.601657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317425.601657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64899.802632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64899.802632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317096.080681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317096.080681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 317096.080681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317096.080681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              519.258979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1008319427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1939075.821154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.258979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12756981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12756981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12756981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12756981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12756981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12756981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101119013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101119013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101119013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101119013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101119013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101119013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12757032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12757032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12757032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12757032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12757032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12757032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982725.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1982725.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75140960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75140960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75140960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1977393.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977393.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                58568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              172739232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                58824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2936.543452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.936127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.063873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8996025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8996025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7611978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7611978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18874                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18874                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16608003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       16608003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16608003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      16608003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       200606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       206521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       206521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       206521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       206521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  84530657442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84530657442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3656495433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3656495433                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  88187152875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88187152875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  88187152875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88187152875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9196631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9196631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7617893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7617893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18874                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18874                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16814524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16814524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16814524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16814524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 421376.516365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421376.516365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 618173.361454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 618173.361454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 427013.005336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427013.005336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 427013.005336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427013.005336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51399515                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets           104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 494226.105769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           20821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       142207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147953                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147953                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19832728504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19832728504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15346052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15346052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19848074556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19848074556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19848074556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19848074556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339607.330673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339607.330673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90805.041420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90805.041420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338889.403019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338889.403019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 338889.403019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338889.403019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              582.417454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1037045431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1766687.275980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    41.301381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.116073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.066188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.933361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12104105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12104105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12104105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12104105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12104105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12104105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123005395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123005395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123005395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123005395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    123005395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123005395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12104166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12104166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12104166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12104166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12104166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12104166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2016481.885246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2016481.885246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2016481.885246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2016481.885246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2016481.885246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2016481.885246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       570389                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 285194.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91033043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91033043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91033043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91033043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     91033043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91033043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068932.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2068932.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068932.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2068932.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2068932.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2068932.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                82845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              448626542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                83101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5398.569716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.913795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.086205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     31711437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31711437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17360095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17360095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49071532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       49071532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49071532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      49071532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       303762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       303762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       304067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       304067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       304067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       304067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150492417768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 150492417768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    294242005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    294242005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150786659773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150786659773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150786659773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150786659773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     32015199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32015199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17360400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17360400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49375599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49375599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49375599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49375599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 495428.716456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495428.716456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 964727.885246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964727.885246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 495899.455623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495899.455623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 495899.455623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495899.455623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           14228                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       220995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       220995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39757080273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39757080273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79557531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79557531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39836637804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39836637804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39836637804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39836637804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 480349.417920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480349.417920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1019968.346154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1019968.346154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 480857.478472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480857.478472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 480857.478472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480857.478472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.196110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              926790091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1649092.688612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    34.104621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.091488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12971544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12971544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12971544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12971544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12971544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12971544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86167458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86167458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86167458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86167458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86167458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86167458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12971594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12971594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12971594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12971594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12971594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12971594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1723349.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1723349.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1723349.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1723349.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1723349.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1723349.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63467808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63467808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63467808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63467808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63467808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63467808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1813365.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1813365.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1813365.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1813365.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1813365.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1813365.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                58228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              224858519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                58484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3844.786933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.220607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.779393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.789924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.210076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19077461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19077461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3661410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3661410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     22738871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       22738871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     22738871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      22738871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       205533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       205870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       205870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       205870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       205870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  91284391352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91284391352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29177619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29177619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  91313568971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91313568971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  91313568971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91313568971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19282994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19282994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3661747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3661747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     22944741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22944741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     22944741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22944741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 444134.963008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444134.963008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86580.471810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86580.471810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 443549.662267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443549.662267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 443549.662267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443549.662267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6834                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       147642                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147642                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        58151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        58228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        58228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18482122050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18482122050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5026507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18487148557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18487148557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18487148557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18487148557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 317829.823219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317829.823219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65279.311688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65279.311688                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 317495.853490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317495.853490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 317495.853490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317495.853490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.979013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1037065954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1775797.866438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.766200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   540.212813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.865726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12124628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12124628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12124628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12124628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12124628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12124628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    125492298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125492298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    125492298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125492298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    125492298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125492298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12124691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12124691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12124691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12124691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12124691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12124691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1991941.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1991941.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1991941.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1991941.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1991941.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1991941.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94956468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94956468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94956468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94956468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94956468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94956468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2316011.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2316011.414634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2316011.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2316011.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2316011.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2316011.414634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                82943                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448664475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                83199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5392.666679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.912223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.087777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31734962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31734962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17374500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17374500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8488                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49109462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       49109462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49109462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      49109462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       304105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       304425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       304425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       304425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       304425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149727661908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149727661908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    288666966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    288666966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150016328874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150016328874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150016328874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150016328874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     32039067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32039067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17374820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17374820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49413887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49413887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49413887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49413887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492355.146768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492355.146768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 902084.268750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902084.268750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492785.838463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492785.838463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492785.838463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492785.838463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294529                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294529                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39504650194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39504650194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72255620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72255620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39576905814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39576905814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39576905814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39576905814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476729.300244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476729.300244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 914628.101266                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 914628.101266                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477146.371861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477146.371861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477146.371861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477146.371861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.235393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              926745419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1649013.201068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.062947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.172446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12926872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12926872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12926872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12926872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12926872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12926872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96577611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96577611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96577611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96577611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96577611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96577611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12926922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12926922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12926922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12926922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12926922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12926922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1931552.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1931552.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1931552.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1931552.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1931552.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1931552.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72809897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72809897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72809897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72809897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72809897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72809897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2080282.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2080282.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2080282.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2080282.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2080282.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2080282.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                58023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              224782799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                58279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3857.011943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   201.871855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    54.128145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.788562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.211438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19014579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19014579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3648629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3648629                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8640                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8640                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     22663208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       22663208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     22663208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      22663208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       204691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       205024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       205024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  93406243676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93406243676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28870865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28870865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  93435114541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93435114541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  93435114541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93435114541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19219270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19219270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3648962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3648962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8564                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8564                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     22868232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22868232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     22868232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22868232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 456328.044106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456328.044106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86699.294294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86699.294294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455727.693055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455727.693055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455727.693055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455727.693055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       146745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       146745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        57946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18857020765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18857020765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5038338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5038338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18862059103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18862059103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18862059103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18862059103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 325424.028665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325424.028665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65432.961039                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65432.961039                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 325079.004929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325079.004929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 325079.004929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325079.004929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              559.081176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              926788387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1652029.210339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.075073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.006103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.053005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12969840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12969840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12969840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12969840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12969840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12969840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84926735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84926735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84926735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84926735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84926735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84926735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12969891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12969891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12969891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12969891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12969891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12969891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1665230.098039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1665230.098039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1665230.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1665230.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1665230.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1665230.098039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62119908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62119908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62119908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62119908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     62119908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62119908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1827056.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827056.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1827056.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827056.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1827056.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827056.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                58146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              224852513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                58402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3850.082412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   201.865462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    54.134538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.788537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.211463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19074015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19074015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3658862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3658862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     22732877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       22732877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     22732877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      22732877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       205142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       205487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       205487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       205487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       205487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  91131276463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91131276463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29712621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29712621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  91160989084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91160989084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  91160989084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91160989084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19279157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19279157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3659207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3659207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     22938364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22938364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     22938364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22938364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 444235.097947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444235.097947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86123.539130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86123.539130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 443633.850725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443633.850725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 443633.850725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443633.850725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            6825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18484816045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18484816045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5062335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5062335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18489878380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18489878380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  18489878380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18489878380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318330.509833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318330.509833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64901.730769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64901.730769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 317990.547587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317990.547587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 317990.547587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317990.547587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              559.272812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              926767891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1651992.675579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    33.266631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.006181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.053312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12949344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12949344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12949344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12949344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12949344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12949344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89957700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89957700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89957700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89957700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89957700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89957700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12949393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12949393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12949393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12949393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12949393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12949393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1835871.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1835871.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1835871.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1835871.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1835871.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1835871.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66702411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66702411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66702411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66702411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     66702411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66702411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1961835.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1961835.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1961835.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1961835.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1961835.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1961835.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                58072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224820681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                58328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3854.421221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.120086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.879914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.789532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.210468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19047315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19047315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3653753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3653753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8651                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     22701068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       22701068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     22701068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      22701068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       205088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       205429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       205429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       205429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       205429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  91998149194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91998149194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29355258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29355258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  92027504452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  92027504452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  92027504452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  92027504452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19252403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19252403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3654094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3654094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8651                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     22906497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22906497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     22906497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22906497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 448578.898785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448578.898785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86085.800587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86085.800587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447977.181664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447977.181664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447977.181664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447977.181664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       147357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147357                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        57994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        58072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        58072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18654490635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18654490635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5044422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5044422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18659535057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18659535057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18659535057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18659535057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321662.424303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321662.424303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64672.076923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64672.076923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321317.245092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321317.245092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 321317.245092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321317.245092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              490.639473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1011210592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2055306.081301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.639473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13848072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13848072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13848072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13848072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13848072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13848072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149494105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149494105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149494105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149494105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149494105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149494105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13848121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13848121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13848121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13848121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13848121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13848121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3050900.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3050900.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3050900.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3050900.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3050900.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3050900.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2727820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909273.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96805440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96805440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96805440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96805440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96805440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96805440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2616363.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2616363.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2616363.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2616363.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2616363.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2616363.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                40891                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165654223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                41147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4025.912533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.332695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.667305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     11044890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11044890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8204882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8204882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19249772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       19249772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19249772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      19249772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       105227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       107685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       107685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       107685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       107685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23468925064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23468925064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    157645376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157645376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23626570440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23626570440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23626570440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23626570440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     11150117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11150117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8207340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8207340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        21159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19357457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19357457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19357457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19357457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223031.399394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223031.399394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64135.628967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64135.628967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219404.470818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219404.470818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219404.470818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219404.470818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           27                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        64574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        66794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        66794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9775690826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9775690826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17384054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17384054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9793074880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9793074880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9793074880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9793074880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240466.652547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240466.652547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73042.243697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73042.243697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239492.183610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239492.183610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239492.183610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239492.183610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
