
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 381255                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   492066                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 269533                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67763240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41518.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15829275467                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20430042221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       237056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       238848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       236800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       434176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       237440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       374272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       154496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       239360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       118656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       153600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       238976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       239616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3917440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1116800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1116800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       354580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21183277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       320266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21343410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21160401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     38797881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21217591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33444872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       457522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13805732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21389162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10603077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13725666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       297389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21354848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       285951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21412038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               350061662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       354580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       320266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       457522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       297389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       285951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6130797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          99797027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               99797027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          99797027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       354580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21183277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       320266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21343410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21160401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     38797881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21217591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33444872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       457522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13805732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       308827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21389162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10603077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13725666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       297389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21354848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       285951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21412038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              449858689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396949     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295319                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003749                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084420     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757041                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385981     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1835091                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1642521                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147767                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1244288                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1210553                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4479                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19469830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10432483                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1835091                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1317569                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2325393                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        486671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       757224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1179238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144678                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22890553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20565160     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         359423      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         175171      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         354076      1.55%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         109603      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         329141      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          50579      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          82146      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         865254      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22890553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068381                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.388746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19290648                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       941189                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2320528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1964                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       336223                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       169515                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1884                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     11635156                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4483                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       336223                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19311657                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        608846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       266980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2299563                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        67277                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     11616560                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        51103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15188563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     52591043                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     52591043                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12269452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2919089                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          781                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          155408                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2127428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       331623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        75156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11554160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1532                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10803309                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7177                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2119783                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4358493                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22890553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18152913     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1473340      6.44%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609427      7.03%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       922417      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470682      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118170      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       137599      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3348      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2657      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22890553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17748     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7332     23.64%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5938     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8452005     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82514      0.76%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          749      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1939616     17.95%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       328425      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10803309                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.402564                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31018                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44535360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13675509                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10526251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10834327                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8201                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       439018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8477                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       336223                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        533364                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11555699                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          502                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2127428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       331623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3969                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          207                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99534                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56875                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       156409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10667737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1912589                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2240971                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1623906                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           328382                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.397512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10529002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10526251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6376562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13762282                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.392240                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463336                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8391520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9419891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2136272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1512                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       146656                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22554330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19060789     84.51%     84.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1363789      6.05%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       884086      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276205      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       466297      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88974      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56550      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51163      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306477      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22554330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8391520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9419891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2011556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1688410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1447634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8223817                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       115031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       306477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33803990                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          23448800                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                439311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3945693                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8391520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9419891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8391520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.198020                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.198020                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.312694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.312694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       49632275                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      13686758                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12405225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1956559                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604066                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193774                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799053                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200409                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8618                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18686454                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11134490                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1956559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       961552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2447080                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        554875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1948477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1153905                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23439634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20992554     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         265093      1.13%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         305775      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         167769      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         193604      0.83%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         106341      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          72664      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         189864      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1145970      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23439634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.072907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.414905                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18529398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2108764                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2426417                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19482                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       355572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       317675                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2051                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13593684                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       355572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18559875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        492203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1532305                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2416193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        83477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13584206                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        20696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        39046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18870397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63254767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63254767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16045876                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2824521                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1998                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          225433                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1302876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       707321                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       155737                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13558533                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3571                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12790597                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741003                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4050862                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23439634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18051982     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166284      9.24%     86.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1164555      4.97%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       805130      3.43%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       704941      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360541      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87983      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56298      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41920      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23439634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3142     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12600     44.44%     55.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12611     44.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10701674     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200010      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1186039      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701311      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12790597                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.476616                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49067826                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15303246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12570493                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12818950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238883                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          342                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       355572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        447464                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13623                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13562128                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1302876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707321                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1999                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9346                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109996                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       221179                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12596712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112162                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193885                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1813230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1760741                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           701068                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.469392                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12570785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12570493                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7473153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19581064                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.468415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381652                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9424836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11563067                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1999209                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3149                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       194771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23084062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.316595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18359828     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2190839      9.49%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919194      3.98%     93.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550262      2.38%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382127      1.66%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246259      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129125      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102923      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203505      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23084062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9424836                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11563067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1752738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1063993                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1654779                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10424712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       235260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       203505                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36442768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27480139                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                289708                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3396612                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9424836                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11563067                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9424836                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.847397                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.847397                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.351198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.351198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       56821353                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17443875                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12683025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2315999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928231                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212444                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       911862                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9966                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20172959                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12707911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2315999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1096309                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2649029                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        590505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1925305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1253916                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25123625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22474596     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         162200      0.65%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         204789      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         326783      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         137235      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         174940      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         204800      0.82%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          94034      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1344248      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25123625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086301                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.473535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20054793                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2055294                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2636429                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       375858                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       352275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15530606                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       375858                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20075257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         64885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1934224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2617175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        56220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15434532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21559464                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     71776155                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     71776155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     18030107                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3529329                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3759                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1970                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          198618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       755379                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8202                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       170328                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15070312                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3774                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14454547                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15185                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835309                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3746251                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25123625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18997662     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795020     11.13%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141690      4.54%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640502      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866816      3.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267055      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263156      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140626      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11098      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25123625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100101     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13393     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12942     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12176261     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197660      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752650      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14454547                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.538620                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126436                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54174338                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16909488                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14077330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14580983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10485                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273568                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10488                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       375858                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         49629                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6529                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15074091                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755379                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1971                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125914                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       244450                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14203078                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2056692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2008536                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           752553                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529250                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14077418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14077330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8433175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22652205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.524564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372289                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10489848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12926018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2148118                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       214036                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24747767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19275961     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2772961     11.20%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007359      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501376      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458898      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193118      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190401      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90921      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256772      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24747767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10489848                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12926018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1916925                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1172034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1873564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11637646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       266917                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       256772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           39565053                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30524158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                308134                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1712621                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10489848                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12926018                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10489848                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.558306                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.558306                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63907235                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19672518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14364956                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1830199                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638454                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147403                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1241059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208152                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106921                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4397                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19432190                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10407002                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1830199                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1315073                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2320168                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        485634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       767670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1176904                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144323                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     22857465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20537297     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         358207      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         175480      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         353677      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         108804      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         328937      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          50429      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          81768      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         862866      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     22857465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.387796                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19253746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       950892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2315327                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1941                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       335558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       168723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1879                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     11606731                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4478                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       335558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19274667                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        605840                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       279917                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2294435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        67041                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     11588303                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        51141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15150200                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     52465018                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     52465018                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     12238535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2911652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1523                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          778                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          154668                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2124225                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       330491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        75063                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         11526390                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1528                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        10778042                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2114717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4350425                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22857465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18130722     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468950      6.43%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1607435      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919699      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469874      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117675      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       137174      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3278      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2658      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22857465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17818     57.42%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7303     23.53%     80.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5912     19.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8430552     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82273      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1937168     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327303      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     10778042                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.401623                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31033                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44451807                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13642663                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10501157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     10809075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7889                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       335558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        530359                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11527924                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2124225                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3937                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          219                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99417                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56570                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       155987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10642795                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1909798                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2237055                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1619838                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           327257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.396583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             10503874                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            10501157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6361596                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13728326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.391305                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.463392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8372421                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      9397297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2131095                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       146295                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22521907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19037524     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359420      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881952      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275563      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465492      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88880      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56276      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51140      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305660      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22521907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8372421                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      9397297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2007662                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1685606                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1444313                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         8203724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       305660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           33744613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          23392594                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                438611                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3978781                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8372421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             9397297                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8372421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.205315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.205315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.311982                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.311982                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       49518778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      13652303                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12376074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1956122                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1603748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193972                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760714                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200423                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18696825                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11137270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1956122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       961137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2447106                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        555624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1918555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1154755                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23420386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20973280     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         265257      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         305623      1.30%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         167716      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         193469      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         106504      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          72823      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         189410      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1146304      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23420386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.072891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.415008                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18538361                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2080201                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2426107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       355843                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       317540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13594099                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        10848                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       355843                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18569025                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        529833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1465126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2415794                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        84756                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13584626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        20892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18869560                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63254055                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63254055                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16045132                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2824419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2052                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          228447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1302290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       707312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18647                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       156273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13558971                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3630                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12792648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18780                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741478                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4042567                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          479                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23420386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18032131     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166382      9.25%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165198      4.98%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       804330      3.43%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705586      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360252      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88270      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56240      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41997      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23420386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3190     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12422     44.09%     55.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12563     44.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10703883     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200032      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185968      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701202      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12792648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.476693                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28175                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002202                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49052633                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15304218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12572319                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12820823                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238337                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18588                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          615                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       355843                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        488616                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13562623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1302290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2056                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9222                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111231                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       221420                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12598609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1813218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1760501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           700975                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.469462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12572596                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12572319                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7473809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19583032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.468483                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381647                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9424416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11562547                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3151                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       194968                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23064543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18341306     79.52%     79.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2189688      9.49%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919391      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550493      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       381720      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246329      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129009      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102837      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203770      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23064543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9424416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11562547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1752674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1063953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1654698                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10424252                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       235251                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       203770                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36423463                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27481376                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                290115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3415860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9424416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11562547                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9424416                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.847523                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.847523                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.351182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.351182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       56829641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17446036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12685735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1817871                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1640069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       684749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         646506                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99744                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4210                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19254616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11424290                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1817871                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       746250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2257476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        308358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2665537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1106752                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24387495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       22130019     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          80059      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         164783      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          69492      0.28%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         372984      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         334623      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          63638      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         135796      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1036101      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24387495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.425704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19061225                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2861762                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2248782                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       208333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       159649                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13395184                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1509                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       208333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19087447                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2668088                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       105960                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2232764                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        84896                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13386866                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           72                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        42574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        28567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          441                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15729031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63036800                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63036800                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     13894367                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1834654                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1557                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          790                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          200741                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3153745                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1592930                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14608                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        77476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13357999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1561                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12818216                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7932                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1070030                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2586293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24387495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19785840     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1403975      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1136116      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       491837      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       614985      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       581008      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       330955      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26444      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16335      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24387495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32237     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246165     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7164      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8046302     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       111935      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          766      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3070688     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1588525     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12818216                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.477646                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285566                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022278                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50317424                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14429955                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12706909                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13103782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23245                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128195                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          366                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11016                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       208333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2605015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        24628                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13359582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3153745                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1592930                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          789                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15153                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          366                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58473                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       114114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12727882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3060742                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            4649086                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1667475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1588344                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.474280                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12707323                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12706909                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6867721                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13565016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.473498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506282                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10311993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12117855                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1243165                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1547                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        99274                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24179162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19766845     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1624718      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       755825      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       743795      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       205943      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850931      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64917      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47331      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       118857      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24179162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10311993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12117855                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4607462                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3025548                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1600085                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10775775                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       117345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       118857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37421286                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26930411                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                414956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2448751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10311993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12117855                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10311993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.602431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.602431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.384256                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.384256                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       62909123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14765152                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15935698                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26833438                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1959260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1606143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761647                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200851                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8637                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18725805                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11153206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1959260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       962498                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2450687                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        556549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1904677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1156508                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23439910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20989223     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         265491      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         305824      1.30%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         167905      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         193568      0.83%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         106625      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          73199      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         190433      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1147642      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23439910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.415646                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18567263                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2066415                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2429912                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19622                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       356697                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       318228                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2044                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13616569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        10797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       356697                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18597778                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        438615                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1542802                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2419641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        84368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13607211                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        20932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18901268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     63361817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     63361817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16070179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2831030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          227116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1305226                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       708699                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       156299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13581098                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12812321                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18628                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1744710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4057830                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23439910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18043229     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2170230      9.26%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165915      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806804      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706024      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       361098      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88065      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56487      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42058      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23439910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3090     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12627     44.55%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12627     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10719491     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200307      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1188404      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702554      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12812321                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477476                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28344                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49111524                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15329538                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12591318                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12840665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31831                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239573                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18869                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          495                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       356697                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        394925                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13434                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13584718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1305226                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708699                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9189                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111229                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       221385                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12617651                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1816266                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1763208                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           702304                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.470221                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12591626                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12591318                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7485679                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        19615380                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.469240                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381623                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9439109                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11580694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2004122                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       195184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23083213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18352270     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193887      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920394      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551171      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382641      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246399      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129240      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103181      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       204030      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23083213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9439109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11580694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1755451                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1065640                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1657311                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10440632                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       235639                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       204030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36463934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          27526415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                290551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3393528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9439109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11580694                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9439109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.842794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.842794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.351767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.351767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       56915623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      17472082                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12704338                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1889810                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1545801                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186970                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775548                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193156                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8316                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18315120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10725429                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1889810                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       934532                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2245779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        546218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       920127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1128803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187954                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     21836213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       19590434     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         122630      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         191264      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         305353      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         126905      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         140644      0.64%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         150291      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          98533      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1110159      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     21836213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.399662                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18139657                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1097350                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2238499                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         5807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       354896                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       309367                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          269                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13093875                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1600                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       354896                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18169285                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        222182                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       790915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2215220                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        83711                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13083617                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        22519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        31339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5236                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18161433                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     60855907                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     60855907                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15442710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2718723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1911                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          250451                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1248726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       670022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19975                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       153798                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13062584                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12340825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16149                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1692048                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3799340                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          401                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21836213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16632343     76.17%     76.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2088945      9.57%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141007      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       780407      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728258      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       207704      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164046      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55207      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38296      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21836213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2908     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9002     38.95%     51.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11201     48.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10338180     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195267      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1140314      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665571      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12340825                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.459857                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23111                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46557123                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14758197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12138799                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12363936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37040                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229522                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22044                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          790                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       354896                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        149017                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11317                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13066025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5498                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1248726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       670022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1911                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8411                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107602                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108122                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       215724                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12162401                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1737641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1710915                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           665238                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.453208                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12138994                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12138799                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7098736                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18546715                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.452329                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382749                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9071034                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11118474                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1947624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       190682                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21481317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16966590     78.98%     78.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2187348     10.18%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       851474      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458331      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342485      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190967      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119374      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105818      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258930      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21481317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9071034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11118474                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1667182                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1019204                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1595915                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10018603                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       225845                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       258930                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34288420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26487123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                299216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               5000033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9071034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11118474                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9071034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.958455                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.958455                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.338014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.338014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       54840048                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16827801                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12211651                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3014                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2078120                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214314                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9279                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20008401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11623119                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2078120                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1030133                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2424428                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        559925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1055251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1225426                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23841229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21416801     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         112001      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         179338      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         242899      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         249870      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         211150      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         118351      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         176348      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1134471      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23841229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.433113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19803465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1262689                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2419773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       352404                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       341711                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14261760                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       352404                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19857780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        167766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       969159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2368991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       125124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14256040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        18270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        53772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19893474                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     66318213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     66318213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17217728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2675703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          374964                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1335394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       722196                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       248641                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14239128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13514670                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2115                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1588974                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3811716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23841229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18064532     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2423609     10.17%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213042      5.09%     91.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       874163      3.67%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       693301      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       285497      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180687      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93507      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12891      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23841229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2401     10.57%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8240     36.26%     46.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12082     53.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11366617     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       201617      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1693      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1224939      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719804      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13514670                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.503598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22723                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50895406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15831700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13309106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13537393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27901                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10484                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       352404                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        137456                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14242688                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1335394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722196                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1835                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118601                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115320                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       233921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13325742                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1871502                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1893024                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           719744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.496558                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13309222                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13309106                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7639581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20592286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.495938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.370992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10037503                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12351445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1891229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3410                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       206957                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23488825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18371030     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2560137     10.90%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       944621      4.02%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       452156      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       412868      1.76%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219852      0.94%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171806      0.73%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86810      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       269545      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23488825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10037503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12351445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1830439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1118727                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1702                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1781181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11128491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       254383                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       269545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37461889                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28837791                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                304982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2995017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10037503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12351445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10037503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.673598                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.673598                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.374028                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.374028                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59975180                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18539429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13219456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3406                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1816522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97534                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       685306                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         646310                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99819                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4255                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19255297                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11417327                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1816522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       746129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2255974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        307995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2620042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1106803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97784                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24342136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22086162     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          79707      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         164353      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          69470      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         373220      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         334156      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          63951      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         136135      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1034982      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24342136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067689                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.425444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19055534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2824093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2247353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       207811                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       159556                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13387835                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       207811                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19082286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2622750                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       110635                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2230731                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        87916                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13379415                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           48                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        44823                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        29118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          519                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15719670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     63005453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     63005453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     13892346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1827308                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1561                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          794                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          205721                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3153084                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1592477                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        76644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13351386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12814519                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1065503                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2575173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24342136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19737527     81.08%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1407866      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138149      4.68%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       490797      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       613512      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580839      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       330683      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26481      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16282      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24342136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32114     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246076     86.25%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7123      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8043987     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       111893      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          766      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3069853     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1588020     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12814519                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477508                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285313                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022265                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50264568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14418823                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12702804                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13099832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23066                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128313                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10967                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       207811                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2555634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13352966                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3153084                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1592477                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          794                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15387                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55671                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58383                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       114054                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12723800                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3059727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            4647567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1666678                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1587840                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474127                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12703241                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12702804                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6865894                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13565827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10310101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12115717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1238645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1547                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        99429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24134325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19722108     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1624877      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       756735      3.14%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       743734      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       205392      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850179      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64672      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47351      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119277      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24134325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10310101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12115717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4606273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3024768                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               772                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1599854                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10773863                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       117342                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       119277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37369371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          26916582                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                415077                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2494110                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10310101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12115717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10310101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.602908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.602908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384186                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384186                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       62889859                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14761133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15927202                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1831255                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147245                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1243510                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1209406                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107008                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4462                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19434567                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10413382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1831255                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1316414                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2321580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        485664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       786945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1177029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22880717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20559137     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         358619      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         175453      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         354208      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         108505      0.47%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         329246      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          50422      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          81962      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         863165      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22880717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068238                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.388034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19255717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       970553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2316743                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1952                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       335751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       168831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1874                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     11612836                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4447                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       335751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19276679                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        629280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       275915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2295887                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        67198                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     11594671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        51420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15159236                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     52492963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     52492963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12242644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2916572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          155195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125484                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       330586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2957                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        74997                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11533085                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1524                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10783098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2117689                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4358853                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22880717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18153095     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466623      6.41%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609328      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       921120      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469680      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118017      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136948      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3282      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2624      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22880717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17663     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7290     23.61%     80.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5925     19.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8433830     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82317      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938788     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327417      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10783098                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.401811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30878                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44484878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13652327                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10506055                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10813976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8299                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       335751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        553677                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11534616                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125484                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3871                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          221                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99353                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56428                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       155781                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10647575                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910975                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2238342                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1620882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           327367                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.396761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10508744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10506055                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6365480                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13731653                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.391488                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463563                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8375896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9400772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2134303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       146144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22544966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19059957     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359045      6.03%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882673      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276063      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465095      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88527      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56380      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50911      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306315      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22544966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8375896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9400772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2008705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1686648                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1444880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8206634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       114660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       306315                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33773700                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          23406171                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                438832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3955529                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8375896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9400772                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8375896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.203985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.203985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.312111                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.312111                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       49541198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      13658550                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12383862                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2318670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1930481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       911617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847332                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20193188                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12721934                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2318670                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1096867                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2651214                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        592003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1901828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1255442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25126461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22475247     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         162386      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         204450      0.81%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         326978      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         136728      0.54%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         175462      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         205213      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          94268      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1345729      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25126461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.474058                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20077944                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2031533                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2638676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       377014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       352664                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15547931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       377014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20098475                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         65108                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1909950                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2619425                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        56483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15452755                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21584130                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71858877                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71858877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     18042546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3541584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3768                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          198992                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       755955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       171916                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15087826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3782                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14468993                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15376                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843563                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3760006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          173                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25126461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18994543     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797671     11.13%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142733      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641371      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867392      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267438      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263290      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140939      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11084      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25126461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100304     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13400     10.58%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12938     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12188866     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197855      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327154      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753329      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14468993                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.539159                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126642                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54206465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16935265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14090939                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14595635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           96                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       377014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6448                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15091614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1979                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5616                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           96                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126024                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       244876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14216736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2058310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2010006                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           753241                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14091020                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14090939                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8440676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22674321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.525071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372257                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10497080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12935001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2156678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       214363                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24749447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19273006     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775642     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008538      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501635      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459053      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193061      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190658      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90919      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256935      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24749447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10497080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12935001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1918257                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1172855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1874894                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11645732                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       267116                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       256935                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39584113                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30560383                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                308435                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1709785                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10497080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12935001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10497080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.556544                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.556544                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391153                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391153                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63969258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19690214                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14380342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2075626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698350                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       873979                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214601                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9349                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20015732                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11600010                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2075626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1032080                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2422531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        559251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1054130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1226167                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205213                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23843801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21421270     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         112736      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         179630      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         242681      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         250032      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         211666      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         119044      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         175676      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1131066      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23843801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432252                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19810557                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1261318                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2417969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2804                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       351148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       341347                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14237763                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       351148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19864879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        172963                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       962732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2367085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       124989                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14231904                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        18449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        53596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19858479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66204161                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66204161                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17203877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2654572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          373016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1336027                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       720770                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8482                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       212396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14214667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13499479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1575691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766819                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23843801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257300                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18099112     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2389629     10.02%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1203195      5.05%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       881681      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698502      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284859      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180308      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93854      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12661      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23843801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2528     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8258     36.49%     47.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11845     52.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11354351     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200562      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1692      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1224656      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718218      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13499479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503032                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22631                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50867379                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15793983                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13291668                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13522110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27062                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218180                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       351148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        143349                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14218259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1336027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720770                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119113                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       233995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13308220                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1150575                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1868735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1891059                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           718160                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.495905                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13291780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13291668                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7630045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20566699                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495288                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10029441                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12341579                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1876664                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3406                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       207543                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23492653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18401522     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2535728     10.79%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       946518      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451992      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397998      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219251      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181057      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86446      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272141      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23492653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10029441                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12341579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1829000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1117843                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1700                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1779791                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11119589                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       254188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       272141                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37438690                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28787665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                305543                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2992445                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10029441                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12341579                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10029441                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.675747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.675747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.373727                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.373727                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       59898544                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18515521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13193852                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3402                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1828626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1637000                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147389                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1240290                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1206837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4416                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19417564                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10397469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1828626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1313512                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2319045                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        485129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       768745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1175909                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144341                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22842303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20523258     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         358710      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         175101      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         353498      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         108975      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         328828      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          50051      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          81195      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         862687      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22842303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068140                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.387441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19238951                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       952102                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2314208                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       335079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       168597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1871                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     11598575                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4454                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       335079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19259933                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        612322                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       274621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2293233                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        67108                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     11579989                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        51045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15138313                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     52429932                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     52429932                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12233027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2905260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          773                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          154793                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2123430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       330465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2997                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        75064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         11519509                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        10772320                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7071                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2112438                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4341735                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22842303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18118651     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467013      6.42%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1606368      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919710      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470266      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117938      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136430      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3309      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2618      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22842303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17551     57.03%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7309     23.75%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5914     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8427051     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82244      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1934933     17.96%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327346      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     10772320                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.401409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30774                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44424788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13633495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10495257                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     10803094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       439210                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       335079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        536651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7965                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11521038                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2123430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3896                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          211                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        98991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       155717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10636411                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1907744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2235048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1619115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           327304                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.396345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             10498035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            10495257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6358861                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        13723919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.391085                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463341                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8367765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9392641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2128859                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       146289                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22507224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19025339     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1357996      6.03%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881222      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276119      1.23%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       464800      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88612      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56256      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50992      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305888      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22507224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8367765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9392641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2006272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1684217                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1443539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8199842                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       305888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33722810                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          23378322                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                438063                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3993943                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8367765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9392641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8367765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.207098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.207098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.311808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.311808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       49488540                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      13644367                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12365047                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26835564                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1830222                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147244                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1240563                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1207724                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106919                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4430                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19420844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10405681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1830222                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1314643                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2319690                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        485119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       764248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1176143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144220                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22841862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20522172     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         358068      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         175228      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         353559      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         108833      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         329178      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          50377      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          81890      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         862557      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22841862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068201                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.387757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19242281                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       947591                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2314892                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1894                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       335203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       168854                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1877                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     11605117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4460                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       335203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19263104                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        610799                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       271907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2293996                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        66846                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     11586861                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        50986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     15148401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     52459324                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     52459324                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     12238864                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2909410                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1519                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          154236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2123301                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       330778                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2994                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        74917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         11525194                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1524                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        10777445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7326                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2112794                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4346083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22841862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18116507     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466978      6.42%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1607525      7.04%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920672      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469267      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117740      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       137240      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3271      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2662      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22841862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17760     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7320     23.61%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5930     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8429930     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82294      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1936957     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327518      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     10777445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.401611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31010                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44435088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13639544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10501009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     10808455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8504                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       437581                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8722                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       335203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        535341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8078                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11526726                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2123301                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330778                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3983                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          209                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99217                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       155825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10642139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1909445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2236921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1620056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           327476                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.396568                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             10503882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            10501009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6361796                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        13729246                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.391309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463375                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8372698                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9397574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2129545                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       146136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22506659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19022919     84.52%     84.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1358681      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882225      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275772      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465143      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88510      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56220      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50827      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306362      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22506659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8372698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9397574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2007744                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1685688                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1444357                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         8203957                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       306362                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33727390                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          23389785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                438265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3993702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8372698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9397574                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8372698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.205127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.205127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.312000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.312000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       49516881                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      13651876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12375135                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016246894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078574269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016246894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078574269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016246894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078574269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848286.222037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873339.489069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848286.222037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873339.489069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848286.222037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873339.489069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911042164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911042164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911042164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.564745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.432739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.564745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.432739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.564745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.432739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1900                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.878637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         122338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        30.987335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.478433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.676702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   806.180470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1191.543032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.010096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.393643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.581808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3433                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3434                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1900                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55671532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1475682622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1531354154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55671532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1475682622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1531354154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55671532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1475682622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1531354154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1795855.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 789557.315142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805975.870526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1795855.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 789557.315142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805975.870526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1795855.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 789557.315142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805975.870526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52949005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1311531397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364480402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52949005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1311531397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364480402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52949005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1311531397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364480402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1708032.419355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701728.944355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718147.580000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1708032.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701728.944355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718147.580000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1708032.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701728.944355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718147.580000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1887                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.497241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         181253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        46.085177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.271827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.523919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   842.273358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1138.428136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.010021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.411266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.555873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1910                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1910                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3536                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3537                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1886                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70627373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1586590157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1657217530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1553985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1553985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70627373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588144142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1658771515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70627373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588144142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1658771515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1910                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1910                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2077275.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 858080.128177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880094.280404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       517995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       517995                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2077275.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857529.234341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879518.300636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2077275.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857529.234341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879518.300636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1078                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1078                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67642173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1424247957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1491890130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1290585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1290585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67642173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1425538542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493180715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67642173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1425538542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493180715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1989475.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 770280.128177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792294.280404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       430195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       430195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1989475.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 769729.234341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791718.300636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1989475.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 769729.234341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791718.300636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.431863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         183068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        60.779548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.431863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.289096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   446.155727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1533.555176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.217849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.748806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2925                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92172807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    771814739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     863987546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92172807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    771814739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      863987546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92172807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    771814739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     863987546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              3877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               3894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              3894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2491156.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829908.321505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893472.126163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2491156.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829908.321505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893472.126163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2491156.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829908.321505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893472.126163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88923457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    690142377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    779065834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88923457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    690142377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    779065834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88923457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    690142377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    779065834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2403336.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 742088.577419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805652.361944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2403336.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 742088.577419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805652.361944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2403336.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 742088.577419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805652.361944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1894                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.836927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         122338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        31.034500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.828284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.220450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   806.676309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1192.111884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.393885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.582086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3430                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3431                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1894                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43641776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1499698328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1543340104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43641776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1499698328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1543340104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43641776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1499698328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1543340104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1558634.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 803696.853162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814857.499472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1558634.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 803696.853162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814857.499472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1558634.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 803696.853162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814857.499472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                240                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     240                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41181737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1335837377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377019114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41181737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1335837377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377019114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41181737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1335837377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377019114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1470776.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 715882.838692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727042.826822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1470776.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 715882.838692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727042.826822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1470776.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 715882.838692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727042.826822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.497674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         181268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.077275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.405286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.303117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   838.015929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1141.773341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.409187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.557507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3549                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78644310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1585292172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1663936482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2177913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2177913                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78644310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1587470085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1666114395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78644310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1587470085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1666114395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2125521.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858306.536004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883193.461783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       725971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       725971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2125521.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858091.937838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882943.505564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2125521.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 858091.937838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882943.505564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    1080                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75395710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1423125572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1498521282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1914513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1914513                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75395710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1425040085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500435795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75395710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1425040085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500435795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2037721.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770506.536004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795393.461783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       638171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       638171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2037721.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770291.937838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795143.505564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2037721.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 770291.937838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795143.505564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3428                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.925585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         155041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        28.312820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.159156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.222451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1198.604988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         829.938990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.007433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.585256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.405244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1310                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1310                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4165                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4166                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3392                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3428                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70256860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3251339394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3321596254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9294949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9294949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70256860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3260634343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3330891203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70256860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3260634343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3330891203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1310                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1310                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.451409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.451409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1951579.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 960797.693262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 971226.974854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1161868.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1161868.625000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1951579.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 961271.917158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 971671.879522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1951579.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 961271.917158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 971671.879522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                606                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     606                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67095534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2954148931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3021244465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8592494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8592494                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67095534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2962741425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3029836959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67095534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2962741425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3029836959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.448855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1863764.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 872975.452423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883404.814327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1074061.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1074061.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1863764.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 873449.712559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883849.754667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1863764.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 873449.712559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883849.754667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1889                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.498790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         181267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.065311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.284756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.013593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   843.077994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1138.122448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.009772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.411659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.555724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3547                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1889                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     78847392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1569335263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1648182655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2146011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2146011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     78847392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1571481274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1650328666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     78847392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1571481274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1650328666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2319040.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 847373.252160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873903.846766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       715337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       715337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2319040.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 847159.716442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873652.020116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2319040.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 847159.716442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873652.020116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               1078                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    1078                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75860339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1406804940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482665279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1882611                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1882611                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75860339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1408687551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484547890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     75860339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1408687551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484547890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.343391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2231186.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 759613.898488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786142.777837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       627537                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       627537                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2231186.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 759400.297035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785890.889359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2231186.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 759400.297035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785890.889359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2960                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.534946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         123984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        24.757188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.067076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.052128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   874.133453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1138.282289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.426823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.555802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3678                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3679                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2960                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60435152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2687878011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2748313163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7671949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7671949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60435152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2695549960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     2755985112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60435152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2695549960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    2755985112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              6624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               6639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              6639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.443146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.446105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1678754.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920821.517986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930055.215905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1534389.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1534389.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1678754.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 921870.711354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931076.051351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1678754.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 921870.711354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931076.051351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                466                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     466                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57274090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2431568298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2488842388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7232949                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7232949                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57274090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2438801247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2496075337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57274090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2438801247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2496075337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.443146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1590946.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833014.147996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842247.847039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1446589.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1446589.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1590946.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 834063.353967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843268.694932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1590946.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 834063.353967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843268.694932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1247                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.569067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         159288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        48.342337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.370583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.810688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   556.186269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1433.201527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.015044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.271575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.699805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2863                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1208                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1248                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108470221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1008246806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1116717027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108470221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1008246806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1116717027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108470221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1008246806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1116717027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              4096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               4111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              4111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711755.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834641.395695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 894805.310096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711755.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834641.395695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 894805.310096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711755.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834641.395695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 894805.310096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104943971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    901596935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006540906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104943971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    901596935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006540906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104943971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    901596935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006540906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2623599.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 746973.434134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807169.932638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2623599.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 746973.434134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807169.932638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2623599.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 746973.434134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807169.932638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.925787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         155049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        28.319452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.161584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.687842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1198.330438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         830.745923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.585122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.405638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4172                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4173                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73737076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3251490032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3325227108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8963886                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8963886                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73737076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3260453918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3334190994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73737076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3260453918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3334190994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              7591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               7600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              7600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.447842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048252.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961126.228791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972573.006142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1120485.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1120485.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048252.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961502.187555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 972918.294135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2048252.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961502.187555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 972918.294135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                606                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     606                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70576276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2954462632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3025038908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8261486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8261486                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70576276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2962724118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3033300394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70576276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2962724118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3033300394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.447842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.448367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1960452.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 873326.228791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884773.006142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1032685.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032685.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1960452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 873702.187555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885118.294135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1960452.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 873702.187555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885118.294135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1897                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.842610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         122327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        31.008112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.482774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.543497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   808.034712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1191.781627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.394548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.581925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3423                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3424                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1897                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36557404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1487550007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1524107411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36557404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1487550007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1524107411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36557404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1487550007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1524107411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1353977.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795481.287166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 803430.369531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1353977.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795481.287166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 803430.369531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1353977.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 795481.287166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 803430.369531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34184105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1323320385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357504490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34184105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1323320385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357504490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     34184105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1323320385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357504490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.353297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1266077.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707657.959893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715605.951502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1266077.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707657.959893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715605.951502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1266077.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 707657.959893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715605.951502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          962                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.431605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         183059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.877619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.431605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.126173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   446.684132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1534.189695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.013733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.218107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.749116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2921                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2923                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 962                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85263082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    750744950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     836008032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85263082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    750744950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      836008032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85263082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    750744950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     836008032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              3868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               3885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              3885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.240904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.240904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2436088.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 809865.102481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869031.218295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2436088.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 809865.102481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 869031.218295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2436088.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 809865.102481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 869031.218295                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82190082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    669338079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    751528161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82190082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    669338079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    751528161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82190082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    669338079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    751528161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.240904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.240904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2348288.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 722047.550162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781214.304574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2348288.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 722047.550162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781214.304574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2348288.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 722047.550162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781214.304574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1237                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.519292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         159288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        48.489498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.363430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.027908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   552.193532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1439.934421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.013686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.269626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.703093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2863                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1201                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1238                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60445217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    987668884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1048114101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60445217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    987668884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1048114101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60445217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    987668884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1048114101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1633654.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 822372.093256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846618.821486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1633654.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 822372.093256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846618.821486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1633654.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 822372.093256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846618.821486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57196160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    881281910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    938478070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57196160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    881281910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    938478070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57196160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    881281910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    938478070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1545842.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 734401.591667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758672.651576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1545842.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 734401.591667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758672.651576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1545842.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 734401.591667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758672.651576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1893                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.842269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         122293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        31.030957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.480385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.346413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   809.296795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1190.718675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.395164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.581406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            626                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 626                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3393                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3394                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1893                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44745581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1512039243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1556784824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44745581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1512039243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1556784824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44745581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1512039243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1556784824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.358048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.358048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1720983.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809876.402250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822390.292657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1720983.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809876.402250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822390.292657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1720983.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809876.402250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822390.292657                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42462781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1348070683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390533464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42462781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1348070683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390533464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42462781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1348070683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390533464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1633183.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722051.785217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734566.013735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1633183.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722051.785217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734566.013735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1633183.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722051.785217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734566.013735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1897                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.877984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         122315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        31.005070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.829304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.499291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   807.701167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1192.848222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.008545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.394385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.582445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3411                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3412                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1873                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1898                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     38240295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1508158467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1546398762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     38240295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1508158467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1546398762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     38240295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1508158467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1546398762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.357843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1529611.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 805210.073145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814751.718651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1529611.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 805210.073145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814751.718651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1529611.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 805210.073145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814751.718651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                240                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     240                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36044087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1343754680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1379798767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36044087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1343754680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1379798767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36044087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1343754680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1379798767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1441763.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 717434.426054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726975.114331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1441763.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 717434.426054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726975.114331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1441763.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 717434.426054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726975.114331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397946906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397946906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404578730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404578730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404578730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404578730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341747.370114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341747.370114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340043.135181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210809069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210809069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211780640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211780640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211780640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211780640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300150.983887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300150.983887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299278.992344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              553.028310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              921324224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1648164.980322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.856531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.171779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1179192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1179192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69054910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69054910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69054910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69054910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69054910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69054910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1179238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1179238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1179238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501193.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1501193.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56012791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56012791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56012791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56012791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56012791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56012791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1750399.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750399.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5302                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205432618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36961.608132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   193.817766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    62.182234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.757101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.242899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1751682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1751682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       321594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       321594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2073276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2073276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2073276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2073276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8262801898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8262801898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2271583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2271583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8265073481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8265073481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8265073481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8265073481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1770350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1770350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       321620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       321620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2091970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2091970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2091970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2091970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442618.486072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442618.486072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87368.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87368.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442124.397186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442124.397186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442124.397186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442124.397186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1715752566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715752566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       391316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       391316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1716143882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716143882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1716143882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716143882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323971.405967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323971.405967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65219.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65219.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323678.589589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323678.589589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323678.589589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323678.589589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              510.259023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1002478005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1939029.023211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.259023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1153854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1153854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1153854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1153854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1153854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1153854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113288291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113288291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113288291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113288291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    113288291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113288291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1153905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1153905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1153905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1153905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1153905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1153905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2221339.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2221339.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2221339.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2221339.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2221339.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2221339.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70996236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70996236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70996236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70996236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70996236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70996236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2028463.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2028463.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2028463.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2028463.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2028463.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2028463.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158488562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             28080.893338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.498524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.501476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.884760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.115240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       812640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       684713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1597                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1597                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1497353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1497353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1497353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1497353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7892797615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7892797615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    397021450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    397021450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8289819065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8289819065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8289819065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8289819065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       831009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       685347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1597                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1516356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1516356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 429680.310033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 429680.310033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 626216.798107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 626216.798107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436237.386992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436237.386992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436237.386992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436237.386992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4033663                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 504207.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1910                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1910                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1833578394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833578394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2554154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1836132548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836132548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1836132548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836132548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341448.490503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341448.490503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 141897.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141897.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340781.838901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340781.838901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340781.838901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340781.838901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              487.179891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1004353295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2033103.836032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.179891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1253855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1253855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1253855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1253855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1253855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1253855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    140852726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140852726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    140852726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140852726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    140852726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140852726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1253915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1253915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1253915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1253915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1253915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1253915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2347545.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2347545.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2347545.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2347545.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2347545.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2347545.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       637890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       212630                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92610312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92610312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92610312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92610312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92610312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92610312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2374623.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2374623.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2374623.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2374623.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2374623.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2374623.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148979935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36239.342009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   219.728837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    36.271163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.858316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.141684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       998935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       741179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1740114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1740114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2268822432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2268822432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5781697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5781697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2274604129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2274604129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2274604129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2274604129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1008719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       741246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1749965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1749965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 231891.090760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231891.090760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86293.985075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86293.985075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 230900.835347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230900.835347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 230900.835347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230900.835347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5996                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5996                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    968847408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    968847408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1178423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    970025831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970025831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    970025831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970025831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 252435.489317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252435.489317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        69319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 251627.971725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251627.971725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 251627.971725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251627.971725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              551.482611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              921321894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1657053.766187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.310101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.172509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1176862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1176862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1176862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1176862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1176862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55334485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55334485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55334485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55334485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     55334485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55334485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1176904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1176904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1176904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1317487.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1317487.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1317487.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1317487.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1317487.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1317487.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43969733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43969733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43969733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43969733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43969733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43969733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1516197.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516197.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1516197.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516197.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1516197.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516197.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              205429564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             37001.002161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   193.380156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    62.619844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.755391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.244609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1749717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1749717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2070228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2070228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2070228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2070228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8392228353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8392228353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2283001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2283001                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8394511354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8394511354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8394511354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8394511354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1768322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1768322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2088859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2088859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 451073.816340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451073.816340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 87807.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87807.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450566.869948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450566.869948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 450566.869948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450566.869948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1739594545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739594545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       393637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       393637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1739988182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739988182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1739988182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739988182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328845.849716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328845.849716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65606.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65606.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328547.617447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328547.617447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328547.617447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328547.617447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.903859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1002478853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1927843.948077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.903859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1154702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1154702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1154702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1154702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1154702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    127976360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127976360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    127976360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127976360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    127976360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127976360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1154755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1154755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1154755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2414648.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2414648.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2414648.301887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79024166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79024166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79024166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79024166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79024166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79024166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079583.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079583.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079583.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158488054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             28031.137955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.487499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.512501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.884717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.115283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       812107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       684673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1496780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1496780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496780                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7892911135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7892911135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452347977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    452347977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8345259112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8345259112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8345259112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8345259112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       830563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       685321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1515884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1515884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1515884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1515884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 427660.984775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427660.984775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 698067.865741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 698067.865741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436833.077471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7187492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 653408.363636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1832979402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1832979402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3169574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3169574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1836148976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836148976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1836148976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836148976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340702.491078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340702.491078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 176087.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176087.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340153.570952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              572.440564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1032063459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1779419.756897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.310109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.130455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.050176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1106694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1106694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1106694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1106694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1106694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1106694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96109953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96109953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96109953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96109953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96109953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96109953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1106751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1106751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1106751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1106751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1106751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1106751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1686139.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1686139.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1686139.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1686139.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1686139.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1686139.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       546199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       546199                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70631054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70631054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70631054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70631054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70631054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70631054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1908947.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908947.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1908947.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908947.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1908947.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908947.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              406607394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             52042.415717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   110.967819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   145.032181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2887056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2887056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1580313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1580313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4467369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4467369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4467369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4467369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        27662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        27662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13498668228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13498668228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     32576418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32576418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13531244646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13531244646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13531244646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13531244646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2914688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2914688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1580343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1580343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4495031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4495031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4495031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4495031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 488515.787058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488515.787058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1085880.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1085880.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 489163.641313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489163.641313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 489163.641313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489163.641313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3564004260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564004260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9425449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9425449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3573429709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3573429709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3573429709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3573429709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472178.624801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472178.624801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1047272.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1047272.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472863.531692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472863.531692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472863.531692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472863.531692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.841706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1002480611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1939034.063830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.841706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.044618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1156460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1156460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1156460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1156460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1156460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    121693976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121693976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    121693976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    121693976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    121693976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    121693976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1156508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1156508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1156508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2535291.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2535291.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2535291.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2535291.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2535291.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2535291.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     79217001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79217001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     79217001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79217001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     79217001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79217001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2263342.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263342.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2263342.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263342.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2263342.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2263342.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158491030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             28021.752122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.454388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.545612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.884587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.115413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       814038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        814038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       685775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1499813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1499813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7679086984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7679086984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    406379367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    406379367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8085466351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8085466351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8085466351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8085466351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       832403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       832403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       686408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1518811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1518811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 418137.053308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418137.053308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 641989.521327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641989.521327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425595.660122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425595.660122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425595.660122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425595.660122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5857963                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 650884.777778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1815755287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1815755287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3142809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3142809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1818898096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1818898096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1818898096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1818898096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337250.239042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337250.239042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 174600.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174600.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336708.273973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336708.273973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336708.273973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336708.273973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              521.138484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1006904069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1910633.907021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.138484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1128744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1128744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1128744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1128744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1128744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1128744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     99209704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99209704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     99209704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99209704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     99209704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99209704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1128803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1128803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1128803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1128803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1128803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1128803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1681520.406780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1681520.406780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1681520.406780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1681520.406780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1681520.406780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1681520.406780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60807434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60807434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60807434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60807434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60807434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60807434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643444.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643444.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643444.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643444.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643444.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643444.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 6602                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167290496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             24393.481481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.758511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.241489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.885775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.114225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       780047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       644845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1424892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1424892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1424892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1424892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        17378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        17378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7596039601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7596039601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     72863845                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72863845                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7668903446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7668903446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7668903446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7668903446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       797336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       644934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1865                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1442270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1442270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1442270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1442270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 439356.793395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439356.793395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 818694.887640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818694.887640                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 441299.542295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441299.542295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 441299.542295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441299.542295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2953175773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2953175773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8354449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8354449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2961530222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961530222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2961530222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2961530222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448333.956733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448333.956733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 556963.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 556963.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448580.766737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448580.766737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448580.766737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448580.766737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              510.317790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001233467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1936621.793037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.317790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.056599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1225371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1225371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1225371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1225371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1225371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125601117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125601117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125601117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125601117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125601117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125601117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1225425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1225425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1225425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2325946.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2325946.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2325946.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2325946.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2325946.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2325946.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       830060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 276686.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108946425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108946425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108946425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108946425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108946425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108946425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593962.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2593962.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2593962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2593962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              152648325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35294.410405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   221.121285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    34.878715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.863755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.136245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       842062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       708354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1550416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1550416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1550416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1550416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        13078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        13078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4375785816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4375785816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6895254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6895254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4382681070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4382681070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4382681070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4382681070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       855054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       855054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       708440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1563494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1563494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1563494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1563494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 336806.174261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336806.174261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 80177.372093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80177.372093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335118.601468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335118.601468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335118.601468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335118.601468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1203589697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203589697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       979083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       979083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1204568780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1204568780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1204568780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1204568780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 296889.417119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296889.417119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65272.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65272.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 296035.581224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296035.581224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 296035.581224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296035.581224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              571.505982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1032063515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1779419.853448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.480484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.025498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1106750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1106750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1106750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1106750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1106750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1106750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97999595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97999595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97999595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97999595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97999595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97999595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1106801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1106801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1106801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1106801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1106801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1106801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921560.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1921560.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1921560.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 583646.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     74123419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74123419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     74123419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74123419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     74123419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74123419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2003335.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2003335.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2003335.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              406606201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             52002.327791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   110.969396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   145.030604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2886272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2886272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1579904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1579904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4466176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4466176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4466176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4466176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        27603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        27603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        27603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13484013666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13484013666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     31276038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31276038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13515289704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13515289704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13515289704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13515289704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2913845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2913845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1579934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1579934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4493779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4493779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4493779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4493779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489029.618322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489029.618322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1042534.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1042534.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489631.188784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3564650091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3564650091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9094494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9094494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3573744585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3573744585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3573744585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3573744585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 471889.077442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471889.077442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1010499.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010499.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472530.025783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.223840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              921322020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1660039.675676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.051191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.172649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1176988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1176988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51461404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51461404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51461404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51461404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     51461404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51461404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1177029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1177029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1177029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1177029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1255156.195122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1255156.195122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1255156.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1255156.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1255156.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1255156.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36876511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36876511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36876511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36876511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     36876511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36876511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1317018.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1317018.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1317018.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1317018.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1317018.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1317018.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205430352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37021.148315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   193.361714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    62.638286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.755319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.244681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1750507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1750507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2071020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2071020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2071020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2071020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8374067581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8374067581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2121462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2121462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8376189043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8376189043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8376189043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8376189043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1769125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2089664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2089664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2089664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2089664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449783.412880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449783.412880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81594.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81594.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449269.955106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449269.955106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449269.955106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449269.955106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1727087179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727087179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       385108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       385108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1727472287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727472287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1727472287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727472287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326666.763571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326666.763571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64184.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326369.221047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326369.221047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 326369.221047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326369.221047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              485.901555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1004354826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2041371.597561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.901555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.049522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1255386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1255386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134131787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    134131787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134131787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    134131787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134131787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    134131787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530788.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2530788.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85684943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85684943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85684943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85684943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85684943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85684943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2315809.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315809.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148980983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36301.409113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.738851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.261149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.858355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.141645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       999489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       741663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1741152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1741152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2244475804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2244475804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6867365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6867365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2251343169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2251343169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2251343169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2251343169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1009266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       741756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1751022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1751022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 229566.922778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229566.922778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73842.634409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73842.634409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 228099.611854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228099.611854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 228099.611854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228099.611854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12850                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        12850                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    947524144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    947524144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1233176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1233176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    948757320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    948757320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    948757320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    948757320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247330.760637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247330.760637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72539.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72539.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 246558.555094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246558.555094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 246558.555094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246558.555094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              506.735610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001234213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1947926.484436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.735610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1226117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1226117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1226117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1226117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1226117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1226117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74519257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74519257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74519257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74519257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74519257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74519257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1226167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1226167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1226167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1226167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1226167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1226167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1490385.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1490385.140000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1490385.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1490385.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1490385.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1490385.140000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60905341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60905341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60905341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60905341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60905341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60905341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1561675.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561675.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1561675.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561675.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1561675.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561675.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4062                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152647714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35351.485410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   221.116765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    34.883235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.863737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.136263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       841973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       707804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1549777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1549777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1549777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1549777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        12989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        12989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4356820463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4356820463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6636565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6636565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4363457028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4363457028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4363457028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4363457028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       854878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       854878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       707888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1701                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1562766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1562766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1562766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1562766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337607.164897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337607.164897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79006.726190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79006.726190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335934.793133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335934.793133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335934.793133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335934.793133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8927                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1182896488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1182896488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       971658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1183868146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1183868146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1183868146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1183868146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 292289.717816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292289.717816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64777.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64777.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 291449.568193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291449.568193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 291449.568193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291449.568193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.229308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              921320901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1663034.117329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.056077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.173231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1175869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1175869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1175869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1175869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1175869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1175869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57971928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57971928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57971928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57971928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57971928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57971928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1175909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1175909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1175909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1175909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1175909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1175909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1449298.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1449298.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1449298.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1449298.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1449298.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1449298.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     45046581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45046581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     45046581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45046581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     45046581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45046581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1668391.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668391.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1668391.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668391.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1668391.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668391.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205427175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             37242.054931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   192.555765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    63.444235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.752171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.247829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1747336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1747336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2067847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2067847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2067847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2067847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8488154764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8488154764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2152466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2152466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8490307230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8490307230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8490307230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8490307230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1765919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1765919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2086456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2086456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2086456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2086456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 456769.884518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456769.884518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82787.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82787.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 456247.365791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456247.365791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 456247.365791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456247.365791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1749535425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749535425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1749920025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749920025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1749920025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749920025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 332991.135325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332991.135325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 332684.415399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332684.415399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 332684.415399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332684.415399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              549.427317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              921321141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1666041.846293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.254597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.172719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.037267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1176109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1176109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47225587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47225587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47225587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47225587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47225587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47225587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1388987.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1388987.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1388987.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1388987.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1388987.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1388987.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     38529070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38529070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     38529070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38529070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     38529070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38529070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1481887.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1481887.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1481887.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1481887.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1481887.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1481887.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              205428466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             37087.645062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   193.664145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    62.335855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.756501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.243499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1748621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1748621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2069132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2069132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2069132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2069132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8443126496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8443126496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2209100                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2209100                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8445335596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8445335596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8445335596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8445335596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1767209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1767209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2087746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2087746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2087746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2087746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 454224.580159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454224.580159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84965.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84965.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453708.799613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453708.799613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453708.799613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453708.799613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1747022445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1747022445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1747407045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1747407045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1747407045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1747407045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 331000.842175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331000.842175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 330697.775360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330697.775360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 330697.775360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330697.775360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
