
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 410593                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   526938                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  41045                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29104.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11950091377                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336275852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        68224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        43136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        69760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        68864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               512512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           40704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       235264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            235264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     57110254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36109110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     10929167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     58396038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     10929167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     57645998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     14250776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2678717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19608211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               429023372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2678717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           34073285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         196939300                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              196939300                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         196939300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     57110254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36109110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     10929167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     58396038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     10929167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     57645998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     14250776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2678717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19608211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              625962672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         194776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128205                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2062663                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1109254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            194776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       138793                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              246466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         56684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        87297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          126135                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16444                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2189558     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          38196      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18433      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          37904      1.56%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35463      1.46%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5067      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8402      0.34%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92319      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2436024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067991                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.387208                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2040395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       110343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          245811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39218                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1231891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39218                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2043273                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         78339                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        23846                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          242977                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1228951                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1602535                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5555470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5555470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1261477                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         341042                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           18971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       230229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1220595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1129636                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521891                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1940988     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150963      6.20%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171887      7.06%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96529      3.96%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48449      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12687      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13877      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          333      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.38%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880558     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.72%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       208054     18.42%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1129636                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.394322                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002901                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4699914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1098532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1132913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39218                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         68596                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          959                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1220761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       230229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1114422                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             237491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         169870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            32741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.389012                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1098961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1098532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          667089                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1421919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.383465                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.469147                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       870486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       972322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248486                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16688                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2038316     85.04%     85.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138578      5.78%     90.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91258      3.81%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27980      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48780      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8816      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5807      0.24%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32349      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       870486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       972322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               211073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              179091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           150017                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          847129                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        32349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3585252                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2480880                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                428729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            870486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              972322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       870486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.290981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.290981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.303861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.303861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5190543                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1424818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1318160                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         246722                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205645                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88337                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2137677                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1352328                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            246722                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       114440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              280986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         68304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       212267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          134475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2393890     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          17098      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21111      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          34412      1.29%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          14167      0.53%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          18790      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          21442      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10224      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         143742      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2674876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.472057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2125055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       226320                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          279565                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37223                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1652569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2127669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          6702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       213177                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          277085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1641660                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2293402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7628986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7628986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1882251                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         411151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       154952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        79213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        18073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1600517                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1523933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.569721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2030808     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292615     10.94%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120264      4.50%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67649      2.53%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90870      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28801      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27922      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14750      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1197      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10498     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284534     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20621      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139706      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78885      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1523933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531960                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13317                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5737867                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817578                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481471                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        43763                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5084                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1600902                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14135                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495326                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             215778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         210737                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            78865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.521974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1481487                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1481471                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          887564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2385182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.517137                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1094827                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24204                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2059245     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290278     11.03%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105407      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52208      1.98%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47563      1.81%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20172      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20041      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9506      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26693      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1094827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1349160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               200075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              122301                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           195506                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1214763                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27873                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        26693                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4205330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3245584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 34459                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                189877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1094827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1349160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1094827                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.616626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.616626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.382172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.382172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6725340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2072708                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1525696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         221457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2125758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1239357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            221457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       107180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              257237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       126098                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          131598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2293589     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11796      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18608      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          25040      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          26543      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          22456      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11877      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18882      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         122035      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2550826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2104743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       148148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          256618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        36170                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1518969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2110865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         21231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       113365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          250892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1517742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2118511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7056594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7056594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1803309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         315202                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           42171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       142841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        76202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1514864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1428233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       451716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947926     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       246594      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125524      4.92%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95590      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75080      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29826      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19002      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9913      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1371      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           296     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          914     36.57%     48.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     51.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1201763     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21225      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129298      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75770      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1428233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.498554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5410215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1404727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1430732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         18142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1515232                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26629                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             197328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         199412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.491111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1404806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1404727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          807211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2175633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.490348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371024                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1051404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1293903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979291     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       262774     10.47%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99742      3.97%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47154      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39374      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23164      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20670      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9009      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28723      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1051404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1293903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               191901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              117271                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           186552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1165832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        28723                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3996406                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3071415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 34004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                313927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1293903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.724693                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.724693                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.367014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.367014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6329768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1958463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1407505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         210727                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87420                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80297                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21368                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2014097                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1202799                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            210727                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       101665                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              263035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         64387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       210445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          125669                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22122                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2529211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2266176     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          27929      1.10%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          32286      1.28%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          17876      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          20229      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11786      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7828      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20820      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         124281      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2529211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073559                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.419861                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1997479                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       227715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          260701                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41238                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34340                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1467784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41238                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2001008                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         17640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       201041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          259255                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         9025                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1465539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2038268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6821814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6821814                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1708385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         329862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           26300                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       140830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        75608                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        15847                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1461518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1371971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201010                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470496                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2529211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1952023     77.18%     77.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231535      9.15%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124933      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86346      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75422      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38951      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9403      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6113      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4485      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2529211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           349     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1333     43.82%     55.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1360     44.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1148558     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21361      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127010      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74876      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1371971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.478914                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3042                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002217                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5278173                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1662962                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1347107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375013                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3361                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27609                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41238                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         12828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1461918                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75608                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13049                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25263                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350144                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118884                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             193718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         188262                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            74834                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.471295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1347198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1347107                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          801234                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2099326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.470235                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381662                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22328                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2487973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1985016     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233393      9.38%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97776      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58731      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40303      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26476      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13752      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10796      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21730      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2487973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1003049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1230654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               186494                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              113221                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           176100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1109490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        21730                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3928156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2965114                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32854                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                335542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1003049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1230654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1003049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.856045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.856045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.350135                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.350135                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6088274                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1871905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1368151                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         209922                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171789                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87081                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79974                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21274                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1031                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2006432                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1198518                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            209922                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       101248                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              262059                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         64175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       218209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125188                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22034                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2528201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2266142     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          27828      1.10%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          32147      1.27%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          17804      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          20138      0.80%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11746      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7802      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          20733      0.82%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         123861      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2528201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073278                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.418368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1989855                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       235444                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          259718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41105                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34210                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1462433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41105                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1993383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         20832                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       205596                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          258269                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         9012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1460075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2030729                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6796314                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6796314                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1701883                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         328846                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26305                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       140302                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        75318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1862                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15787                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456050                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1366730                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1975                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200381                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2528201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1953213     77.26%     77.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230671      9.12%     86.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124436      4.92%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86017      3.40%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75136      2.97%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38799      1.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9372      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6091      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4466      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2528201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1329     43.88%     55.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1353     44.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144169     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21289      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126521      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74586      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1366730                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477086                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3029                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002216                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5266665                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1656865                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1341974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3361                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27515                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41105                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         16016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1456450                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140302                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13004                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        25173                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1345003                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118442                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             192986                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         187518                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            74544                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.469502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1342065                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1341974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          798198                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2091165                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.468444                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381700                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230536                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2487096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1986086     79.86%     79.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232511      9.35%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97361      3.91%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58504      2.35%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40145      1.61%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26375      1.06%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13708      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10766      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21640      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2487096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       999240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1225930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               185770                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              112787                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           175394                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1105250                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24930                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        21640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3921909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2954045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32751                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                336545                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            999240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1225930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       999240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.866925                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.866925                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348806                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348806                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6065198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1864811                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1363251                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         164471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134072                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67370                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          785                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1594219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               973198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            164471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        79069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              199509                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         55484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       145670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           99787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17696                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1976536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.952302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1777027     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10490      0.53%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16708      0.85%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          24963      1.26%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10586      0.54%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          12232      0.62%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          13123      0.66%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9196      0.47%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         102211      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1976536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.057412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.339714                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1573691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       166823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          197941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1239                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        36841                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        26681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          300                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1179406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        36841                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1577686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         59382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        94823                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          195246                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12549                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1176674                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          825                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1609985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5485039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5485039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1321703                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         288282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          255                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           36391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       119286                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        65910                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3259                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        12680                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172559                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1093603                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182098                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       419432                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1976536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.553293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1509352     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       190071      9.62%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104889      5.31%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68822      3.48%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62389      3.16%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19320      0.98%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13828      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4756      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3109      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1976536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1101     41.45%     53.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1231     46.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900413     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20134      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          121      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108361      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64574      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1093603                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.381744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2656                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002429                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4168249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1354977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1073274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1096259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5271                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          879                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        36841                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         47338                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1456                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1172815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65910                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9577                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10936                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        20513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1077402                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             167085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         146160                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            64441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.376089                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1073368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1073274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          635558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1611371                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.374648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       792320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       966083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       207592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        18001                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1939695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1548105     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186555      9.62%     89.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77515      4.00%     93.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39334      2.03%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29639      1.53%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16904      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10533      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8658      0.45%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22452      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1939695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       792320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       966083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               155029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               93672                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           134027                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          873554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        18837                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        22452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3090918                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2384198                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 28790                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                888217                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            792320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              966083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       792320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.615652                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.615652                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.276575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.276575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4890634                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1466676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1117865                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         195109                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10495                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2047680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1222380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            195109                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        78132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              240774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         38224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       308347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2625594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2384820     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8288      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17655      0.67%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7208      0.27%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          39335      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          35370      1.35%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6576      0.25%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14348      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         111994      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2625594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068107                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.426696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2032931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       326489                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          239692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          828                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        17094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1431744                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2036197                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        296689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        20482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          237431                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9141                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1429573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         3962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1685332                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6725472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6725472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1457941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         227373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       335147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       168143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1424465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357980                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2625594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2139170     81.47%     81.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147819      5.63%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120154      4.58%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51635      1.97%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65297      2.49%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61633      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35320      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2853      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1713      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2625594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3335     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26107     86.42%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       854281     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11731      0.86%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       324505     23.90%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       167383     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357980                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.474030                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30210                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022246                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5372968                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1555817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1388190                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1742                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        290757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2354                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1424643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       335147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       168143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1497                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6256                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7583                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        13839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1347001                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       323298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             490634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         176352                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           167336                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.470198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1344378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1344238                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          727327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1435254                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.469233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1083115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1272534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2599944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2136616     82.18%     82.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170438      6.56%     88.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79457      3.06%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78273      3.01%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21121      0.81%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89874      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6928      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4955      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12282      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2599944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1083115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1272534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               484753                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              318357                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           168098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1131418                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        12282                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4012416                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2875218                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45740                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                239159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1083115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1272534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1083115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.644920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.644920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.378083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.378083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6653289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1565691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1698154                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         245914                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       204960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93846                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88063                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26021                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2130766                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1347688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            245914                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       114084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              280038                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         68097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       220831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          134044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22981                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.982337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2395406     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          17018      0.64%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          21043      0.79%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          34298      1.28%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          14130      0.53%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          18735      0.70%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          21384      0.80%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10195      0.38%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         143235      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2675444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.085841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.470438                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2118243                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       234780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          278622                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        43626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        37105                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1647009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        43626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2120846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          6668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       221702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          276153                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6442                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1636134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2285440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7603335                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7603335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1875651                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         409781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           23213                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       154467                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        78959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          847                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        18024                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1595090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1518780                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452931                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2033596     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291575     10.90%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119832      4.48%     91.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67430      2.52%     93.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90590      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28712      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27823      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14695      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10464     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1446     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1364     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1280148     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20559      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          186      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139256      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78631      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1518780                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530161                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13274                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5728083                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1811370                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1476456                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1532054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1009                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32546                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        43626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          5060                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1595471                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154467                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        78959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14086                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        27632                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490275                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             215093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         210046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            78611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.520211                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1476472                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1476456                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          884475                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2376955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.515387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372104                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1090999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1344565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        24134                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061938     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289242     10.99%     89.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105045      3.99%     93.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52037      1.98%     95.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47390      1.80%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20118      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19967      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9478      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26603      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1090999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1344565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               199439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              121915                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           194858                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1210647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        27797                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4200686                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3234577                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 34347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                189309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1090999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1344565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1090999                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.625807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.625807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.380835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.380835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6702640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2065467                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1520500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         164798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134325                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17684                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62538                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16418                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          776                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1600041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts               976223                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            164798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        78956                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              200236                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         55336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       153055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          100135                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17689                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      1990342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.949445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1790106     89.94%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          10573      0.53%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16717      0.84%     91.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          25150      1.26%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10661      0.54%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          12366      0.62%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          12882      0.65%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9057      0.46%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         102830      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      1990342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.057526                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.340770                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1578635                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       175077                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          198704                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1213                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        36712                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        26772                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          300                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1183612                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        36712                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1582765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         66346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        94322                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          195871                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        14317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1180805                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         4069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         6408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2416                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1615593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5505598                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5505598                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1328306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         287287                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          135                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           37151                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       119890                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        66093                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        12710                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1176727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          257                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1097359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       181383                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       422513                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1990342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1521507     76.44%     76.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       190852      9.59%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105337      5.29%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68886      3.46%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62636      3.15%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19195      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13955      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4866      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3108      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1990342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           314     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1104     41.98%     53.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1212     46.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       903567     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20230      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          121      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108761      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64680      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1097359                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.383055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002397                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4189631                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1358431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1076798                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1099989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5248                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25803                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          877                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        36712                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         50996                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1176984                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119890                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66093                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          135                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9481                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        20538                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1080905                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102881                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             167437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         146444                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            64556                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.377312                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1076901                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1076798                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          638067                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1618800                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.375878                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394160                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       796116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       970774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       207112                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        17980                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1953630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1560232     79.86%     79.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187386      9.59%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77833      3.98%     93.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39583      2.03%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29738      1.52%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17048      0.87%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10515      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8669      0.44%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22626      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1953630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       796116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       970774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               155695                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads               94087                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           134707                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          877774                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        18937                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        22626                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3108890                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2392492                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 28934                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                874411                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            796116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              970774                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       796116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.598412                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.598412                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.277900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.277900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        4906873                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1472011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1121170                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2863101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         222208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85124                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22418                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2124815                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1242142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            222208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       107542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              257891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         64986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       123911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          131605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2290014     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11829      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18630      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          24959      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          26555      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          22668      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12270      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18665      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         122315      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2547905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.433845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2102980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       146210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          257273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36273                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1522855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2109310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         17258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       115035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          251297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1521375                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2121805                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7073866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7073866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1805308                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         316404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           42801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       143621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        76225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        19300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1518457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1430557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1943138     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248755      9.76%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125924      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94299      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75075      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30285      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18994      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10112      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1323      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2547905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          939     36.98%     48.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     51.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1203845     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21222      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129472      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75841      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1430557                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.499653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2539                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5411868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1433096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1506                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         14204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1518826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12728                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1409737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121899                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             197725                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         199664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492381                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1407560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1407481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          808587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2181597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370640                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1052568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1295384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23469                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1974573     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264197     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99360      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47530      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40307      1.61%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23095      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20042      0.80%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8886      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28840      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2506830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1052568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1295384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               192131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              117419                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           186790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1167176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        26704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28840                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3996741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3078692                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 34064                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                315196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1295384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1052568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.720110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.720110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.367632                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.367632                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6343376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1961393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1410592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         245486                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       204625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93686                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          87909                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25965                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1104                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2126695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1345429                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            245486                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       113874                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              279559                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         67991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       225712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          133792                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22941                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.980752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2396150     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          16992      0.64%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          21011      0.79%     90.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          34228      1.28%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          14112      0.53%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          18698      0.70%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          21342      0.80%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          10168      0.38%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         143008      5.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2675709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.085692                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.469649                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2114180                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       239653                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          278143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        43560                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        37028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1644195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        43560                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2116782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          6665                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       226586                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          275675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6434                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1633325                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2281569                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7590352                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7590352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1872373                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         409193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           23190                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       154192                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        78826                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          847                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1592319                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          379                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1516108                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1800                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452345                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.293163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2034979     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291089     10.88%     86.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119610      4.47%     91.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67305      2.52%     93.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90434      3.38%     97.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28653      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27781      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14667      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10448     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1442     10.88%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1363     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1277909     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20519      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          186      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138999      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78495      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1516108                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.529228                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13253                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5722978                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1808281                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1473859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1529361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1009                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32500                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        43560                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          5057                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1592700                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154192                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        78826                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13518                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        27586                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1487646                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136227                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28462                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             214701                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         209667                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            78474                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.519293                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1473875                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1473859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          882966                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2373031                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.514480                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372084                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1089104                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1342190                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        24094                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2632149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.509922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.326456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2063293     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       288717     10.97%     89.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       104859      3.98%     93.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51941      1.97%     95.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47308      1.80%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20078      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19929      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9456      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26568      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2632149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1089104                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1342190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               199083                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              121692                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           194512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1208482                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        27735                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4198288                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3228976                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 34284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                189044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1089104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1342190                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1089104                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.630376                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.630376                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.380174                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.380174                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6690831                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2061903                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1517923                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         246760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205677                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88348                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26109                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2138089                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1352572                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            246760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       114457                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              281035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         68315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       210212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          134498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2673289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2392254     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          17101      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21113      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          34421      1.29%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          14164      0.53%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          18794      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          21445      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10224      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         143773      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2673289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086137                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.472143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2125477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       224254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          279615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43770                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        37229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1652873                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43770                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2128090                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6697                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       211112                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          277136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1641971                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2293821                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7630445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7630445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1882632                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         411180                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           23327                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       154986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        79241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        18082                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1600840                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1524249                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454597                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2673289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.570177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2029093     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292669     10.95%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120291      4.50%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67664      2.53%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90886      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28807      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27925      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14755      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1199      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2673289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10499     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1452     10.90%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1371     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284776     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20633      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139740      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78913      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1524249                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.532070                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5736917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817919                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481776                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43770                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          5082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1601225                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        27717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495635                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136944                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             215837                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         210771                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            78893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522082                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1481792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1481776                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          887748                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2385637                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.517244                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1095058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        24208                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2629519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.513192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2057536     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290332     11.04%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105426      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52221      1.99%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47573      1.81%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20179      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20047      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9507      0.36%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26698      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2629519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1095058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1349449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               200130                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              122328                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           195539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1215030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        27880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        26698                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4204048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3246231                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 34462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                191464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1095058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1349449                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1095058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.616074                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.616074                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.382252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.382252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6726749                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2073125                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1525992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         164319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134086                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17686                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1589952                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts               971911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            164319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        78554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              199184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         55789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       146752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines           99581                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      1973358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1774174     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10429      0.53%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16627      0.84%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          25063      1.27%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          10513      0.53%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          12039      0.61%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          13035      0.66%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9271      0.47%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         102207      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      1973358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.057361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.339278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1568777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       168563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          197596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        26536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1178107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1572994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         59396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        96010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          194711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        13065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1175137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          969                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1608031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5477312                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5477312                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1316387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         291564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           37696                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       119299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        65599                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        12625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1170869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1089776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183662                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1973358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1507712     76.40%     76.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189588      9.61%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104461      5.29%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68714      3.48%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62107      3.15%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18973      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13909      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4775      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3119      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1973358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1098     42.39%     53.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1193     46.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       897403     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20016      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107986      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64251      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1089776                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.380422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2590                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002377                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4157401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1354844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1069571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1092366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5108                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          868                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         44332                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1549                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1171122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          837                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        20467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             166343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         145527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            64121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.374810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1069660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1069571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          633347                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1607404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.373369                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       788864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       962070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209834                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        17978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1936185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1545932     79.84%     79.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       185947      9.60%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77162      3.99%     93.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39441      2.04%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29454      1.52%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16960      0.88%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10407      0.54%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8638      0.45%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22244      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1936185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       788864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       962070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               154249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads               93227                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           133587                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          869864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        18786                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        22244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3085845                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2381075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 28775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                891290                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            788864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              962070                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       788864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.631359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.631359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.275379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.275379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4873691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1461851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1115884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         222269                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23485                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85164                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2133682                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1244022                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            222269                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       107591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              258194                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         65060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       120306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          132087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23334                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2554104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598228                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2295910     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11843      0.46%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18683      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          25138      0.98%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          26633      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          22531      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11922      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          18957      0.74%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         122487      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2554104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077587                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.434251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2112557                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       142506                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          257573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        36306                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1524590                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2118702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         18349                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       110539                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          251825                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1523350                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2126355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7082628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7082628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1810022                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         316307                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           42354                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       143352                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        76482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          855                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        17082                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1520421                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          433                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187001                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453264                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2554104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948866     76.30%     76.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247637      9.70%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125983      4.93%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95937      3.76%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75403      2.95%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29901      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19068      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9937      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1372      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2554104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     11.85%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          922     36.67%     48.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1294     51.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1206210     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21284      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129752      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76050      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433474                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.500383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2514                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001754                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5423997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409906                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1435988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         15199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143352                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1032                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12855                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13864                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        26719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1412101                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122029                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             198054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         200134                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            76025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.492922                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1409983                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1409906                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          810238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2183668                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.492156                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371044                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1055353                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1298685                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222102                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        23557                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2513029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980373     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       263817     10.50%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100125      3.98%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47342      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39546      1.57%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23237      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20720      0.82%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9049      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28820      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2513029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1055353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1298685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               192610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              117704                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           187227                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1170153                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        26754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28820                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4004983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3082672                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 34141                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                310649                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1055353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1298685                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1055353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.714497                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.714497                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.368392                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.368392                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6353184                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1965705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1412797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         210953                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22433                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80338                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21273                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011617                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1203103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            210953                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       101611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              262984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       203275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          125599                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22229                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2520039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2257055     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          27895      1.11%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          32231      1.28%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          17856      0.71%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          20274      0.80%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11766      0.47%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7960      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          20695      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         124307      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2520039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.419967                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1994772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       220792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          260603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2102                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        34222                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1467642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2147                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1998345                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         39976                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       171606                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          259041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1465190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2036751                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6818137                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6818137                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1701730                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         335021                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           27161                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       141194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        75301                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        15783                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2076                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204933                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       481700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2520039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1944381     77.16%     77.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230875      9.16%     86.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124584      4.94%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86041      3.41%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75368      2.99%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38852      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9319      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6164      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4455      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2520039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           366     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1297     43.05%     55.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1350     44.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145770     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21288      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126847      9.27%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74530      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368600                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002202                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5262328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1665802                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1343487                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28428                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           99                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         34773                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1460835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75301                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          221                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12254                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        25334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346650                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118606                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             193093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         187653                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            74487                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.470075                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1343583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1343487                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          799197                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2093863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.468971                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381685                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225806                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235046                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2478273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1977188     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232546      9.38%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97390      3.93%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58485      2.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40272      1.63%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26331      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13701      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10804      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21556      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2478273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       999157                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1225806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               185741                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              112766                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           175377                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1105130                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        21556                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3917556                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2963478                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32838                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                344714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            999157                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1225806                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       999157                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.867170                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.867170                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.348776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.348776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6071907                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1866988                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1367814                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208881853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.966480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941159.093596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.697839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.220577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.627527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   113.531742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1876.317992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.012025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.055435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.916171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61926734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187664307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     249591041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61926734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187664307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      249591041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61926734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187664307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     249591041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2293582.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885208.995283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1044313.979079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2293582.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885208.995283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1044313.979079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2293582.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885208.995283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1044313.979079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59555253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    169046217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228601470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59555253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    169046217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228601470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59555253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    169046217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228601470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2205750.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797387.816038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956491.506276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2205750.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797387.816038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956491.506276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2205750.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797387.816038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956491.506276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.781192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.777504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    50.843563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1943.597740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.005262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.024826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.949022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      93531941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total       93531941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8071246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85460695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total      93531941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 733749.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 821737.451923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813321.226087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7105446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     76329495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83434941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 645949.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 733937.451923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725521.226087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.680751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.680751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.023370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    62.679929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1940.296701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.030605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.947410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 155                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122264085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173308221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122264085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      173308221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122264085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     173308221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955188.164062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1118117.554839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955188.164062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1118117.554839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955188.164062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1118117.554839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111020364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159692527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111020364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159692527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111020364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159692527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867346.593750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030274.367742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867346.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030274.367742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867346.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030274.367742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.850017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.938340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.147942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.541978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1829.221757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.049581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.893175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     42745668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158027595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     200773263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     42745668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158027595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      200773263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     42745668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    158027595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     200773263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1781069.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 882835.726257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 989030.852217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1781069.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 882835.726257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 989030.852217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1781069.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 882835.726257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 989030.852217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     40638468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    142306736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182945204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     40638468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    142306736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    182945204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     40638468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    142306736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    182945204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1693269.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 795009.698324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901207.901478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1693269.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 795009.698324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901207.901478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1693269.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 795009.698324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901207.901478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2046.848310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.948469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.122769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   101.300941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1829.476132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.049463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.893299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44893829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    165037701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     209931530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44893829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    165037701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      209931530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44893829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    165037701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     209931530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870576.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921998.329609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1034145.467980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870576.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921998.329609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1034145.467980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870576.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 921998.329609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1034145.467980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42786629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    149321501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192108130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42786629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    149321501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192108130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     42786629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    149321501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192108130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1782776.208333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 834198.329609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946345.467980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1782776.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 834198.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946345.467980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1782776.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 834198.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946345.467980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          545                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2044.047730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          87070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        33.604786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         135.334144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    11.873531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   232.491414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1663.348641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.066081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.113521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.812182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.998070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   352                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 546                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12508516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    485936266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     498444782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47156194                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     47156194                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12508516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    533092460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      545600976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12508516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    533092460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     545600976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.586854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.608018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.608018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 962193.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 997815.741273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 996889.564000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1025134.652174                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1025134.652174                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 962193.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1000173.470919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 999269.186813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 962193.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1000173.470919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 999269.186813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                295                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     295                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11367116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    443160149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454527265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     43116612                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43116612                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11367116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    486276761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497643877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11367116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    486276761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497643877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 874393.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 909979.772074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 909054.530000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 937317.652174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937317.652174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 874393.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 912339.138837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911435.672161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 874393.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 912339.138837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911435.672161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          367                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.950059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         113837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        47.137474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.539448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.591290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   188.437204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1831.382118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.092010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.894230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 367                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66864423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325370581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     392235004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66864423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325370581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      392235004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66864423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325370581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     392235004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.435867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.434320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.434320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2228814.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965491.338279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1068760.228883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2228814.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965491.338279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1068760.228883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2228814.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965491.338279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1068760.228883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64230350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295780256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360010606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64230350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295780256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360010606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64230350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295780256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360010606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2141011.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877686.219585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980955.329700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2141011.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877686.219585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980955.329700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2141011.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877686.219585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980955.329700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          115                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         132603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.305132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.780794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    10.776873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    50.653390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1943.788944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.005262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.949116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             92                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  92                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 113                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7875320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     88085393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      95960713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7875320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     88085393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total       95960713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7875320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     88085393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total      95960713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           92                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              92                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.281095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.281095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.281095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 715938.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863582.284314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849209.849558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 715938.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863582.284314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849209.849558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 715938.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863582.284314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849209.849558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6909520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79129728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86039248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6909520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79129728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86039248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6909520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79129728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86039248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 628138.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775781.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761409.274336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 628138.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775781.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761409.274336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 628138.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775781.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761409.274336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          558                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2044.206612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          87074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        33.438556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         132.830904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.870481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   240.823030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1657.682197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.064859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.005796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.117589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.809415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.998148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   352                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          545                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 558                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10070766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    494080966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     504151732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38863056                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     38863056                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10070766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    532944022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      543014788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10070766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    532944022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     543014788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.587339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.593533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.607581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.613187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.607581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.613187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 774674.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 986189.552894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 980839.945525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 883251.272727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883251.272727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 774674.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 977878.939450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 973144.781362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 774674.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 977878.939450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 973144.781362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                303                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     303                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8923366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    449908699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    458832065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34982845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34982845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8923366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    484891544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    493814910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8923366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    484891544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    493814910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.587339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.607581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.607581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686412.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 898021.355289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892669.387160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 795064.659091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795064.659091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686412.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 889709.255046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884972.956989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686412.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 889709.255046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884972.956989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.676493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.676493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.903968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    62.756389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1940.339643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.030643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.947431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      161467948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51934831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    109533117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     161467948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1923512.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 849093.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1035050.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49564231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98294717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147858948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1835712.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 761974.550388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947813.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          115                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         132603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.305132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.780575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    10.774877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    50.594806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1943.849743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.024704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.949145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             92                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  92                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 113                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9736568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90356015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     100092583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9736568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90356015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      100092583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9736568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90356015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     100092583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           92                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              92                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.281095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.281095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.260870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.281095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 885142.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 885843.284314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885775.070796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 885142.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 885843.284314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885775.070796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 885142.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 885843.284314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885775.070796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8769825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81398793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90168618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8769825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81398793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90168618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8769825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81398793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90168618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.260870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 797256.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798027.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797952.371681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 797256.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798027.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797952.371681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 797256.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798027.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797952.371681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.778377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    10.771344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    50.842171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1943.608109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.024825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.949027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11296776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83704206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      95000982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11296776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83704206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total       95000982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11296776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83704206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total      95000982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1026979.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804848.134615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826095.495652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1026979.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804848.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826095.495652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1026979.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804848.134615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826095.495652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10330976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     74572881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84903857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10330976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     74572881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84903857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10330976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     74572881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84903857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 939179.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 717046.932692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738294.408696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 939179.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 717046.932692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738294.408696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 939179.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 717046.932692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738294.408696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          552                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2044.229149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          87068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        33.513472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.045401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.895258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   239.390399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1658.898091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.064964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.116890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.810009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.998159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   352                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 551                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    499841537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     509153195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42623563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     42623563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    542465100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      551776758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    542465100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     551776758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.583924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1011824.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004246.932939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 968717.340909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968717.340909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1008299.442379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1001409.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1008299.442379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1001409.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                299                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     299                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    456457882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464627795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38760363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38760363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    495218245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503388158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    495218245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    503388158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.583924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924003.809717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916425.631164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 880917.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880917.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920480.009294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913590.123412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920480.009294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913590.123412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          160                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.662591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        54.065306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.662591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.095365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    63.081170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1939.823465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.030801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.947179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58867596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121708559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     180576155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58867596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121708559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      180576155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58867596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121708559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     180576155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2180281.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 915101.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1128600.968750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2180281.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 915101.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1128600.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2180281.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 915101.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1128600.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56496996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110028679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166525675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56496996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110028679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166525675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56496996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    110028679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166525675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2092481.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827283.300752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1040785.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2092481.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827283.300752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1040785.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2092481.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 827283.300752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1040785.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          208                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2046.850528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         136053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.307181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.940123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.304849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   101.830931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1828.774626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.049722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.892956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            213                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 213                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   401                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 208                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43146090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    167115655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     210261745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43146090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    167115655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      210261745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43146090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    167115655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     210261745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          213                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             213                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.313894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.313894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1725843.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 913200.300546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010873.774038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1725843.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 913200.300546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1010873.774038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1725843.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 913200.300546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1010873.774038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                112                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     112                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     40950329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    151042619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191992948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     40950329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    151042619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191992948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     40950329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    151042619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191992948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.315517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.313894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.313894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1638013.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825369.502732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923043.019231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1638013.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825369.502732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923043.019231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1638013.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 825369.502732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923043.019231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              550.626587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              646509660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1166984.945848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.511460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.115127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.040884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         126099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        126099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85455462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85455462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85455462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85455462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85455462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85455462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       126135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       126135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2373762.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2373762.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62216999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62216999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62216999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62216999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62216999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62216999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222035.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222035.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151269893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             183135.463680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   152.456626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   103.543374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.595534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.404466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       188316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        188316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       220127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         220127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       220127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        220127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    977071472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    977071472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       941184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       941184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    978012656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    978012656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    978012656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    978012656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       190304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       190304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       222126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       222126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       222126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       222126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 491484.643863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491484.643863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85562.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85562.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    212789528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212789528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    212981828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212981828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    212981828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212981828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 375290.172840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 375290.172840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              465.776683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753010712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1615902.815451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    10.776683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.017270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         134460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       134460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        134460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9624471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9624471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       134475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       134475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       134475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 641631.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8177746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 743431.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              109344816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             167964.387097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   133.637270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   122.362730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.522021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.477979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       105155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        77399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       182554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         182554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       182554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        182554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245058865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245058865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       106175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        77399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240253.789216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    105274429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105274429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266517.541772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              490.127806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749565504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1490189.868787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.127806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.024243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113243456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             168768.190760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   141.571476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   114.428524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.553014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.446986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    479038120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479038120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480378128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    480378128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480378128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    480378128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 365677.954198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365677.954198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362276.114630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 362276.114630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362276.114630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 362276.114630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    141822376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141822376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142024480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142024480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142024480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142024480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344229.067961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344229.067961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342227.662651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342227.662651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342227.662651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342227.662651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              506.105831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750133593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1479553.437870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.105831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.038631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         125631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       125631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        125631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72576514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72576514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72576514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72576514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72576514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72576514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       125669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       125669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       125669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1909908.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1909908.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1909908.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1909908.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1909908.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1909908.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43022645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43022645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43022645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43022645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43022645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43022645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1720905.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1720905.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1720905.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1720905.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1720905.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1720905.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              118203989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             141901.547419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   182.531906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    73.468094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.713015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.286985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        87047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       159888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         159888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       159888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        159888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    743359193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    743359193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42171378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42171378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    785530571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    785530571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    785530571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    785530571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        88991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       161897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       161897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000892                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 382386.416152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 382386.416152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 648790.430769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648790.430769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 391005.759582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 391005.759582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 391005.759582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 391005.759582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    185435113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185435113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    185627413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185627413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    185627413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185627413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 323057.688153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323057.688153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 321711.287695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321711.287695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 321711.287695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321711.287695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              506.079550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750133108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1479552.481262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.079550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.038589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78150281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78150281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78150281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78150281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78150281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78150281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1860720.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1860720.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1860720.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1860720.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1860720.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1860720.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     45158457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45158457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     45158457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45158457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     45158457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45158457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1806338.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806338.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1806338.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806338.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1806338.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806338.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              118203366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             141900.799520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   182.305496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    73.694504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.712131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.287869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        86713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       159265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         159265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       159265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        159265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    777372116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    777372116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20409863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20409863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    797781979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    797781979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    797781979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    797781979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        88657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       161274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       161274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 399882.775720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 399882.775720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 313997.892308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 313997.892308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 397104.021404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 397104.021404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 397104.021404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 397104.021404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192446711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192446711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192639011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192639011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192639011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192639011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335273.015679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335273.015679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333863.103986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333863.103986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333863.103986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333863.103986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.542792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753291616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1497597.646123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.542792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        99772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        99772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          99772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        99772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         99772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13711437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13711437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13711437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13711437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13711437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13711437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        99787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        99787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        99787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        99787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        99787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 914095.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 914095.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 914095.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 914095.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 914095.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 914095.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12616826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12616826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12616826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12616826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12616826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12616826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 970525.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970525.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 970525.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970525.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 970525.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970525.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125502269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             109993.224365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   183.612026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    72.387974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.717234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.282766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        75325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         135978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        135978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1241121141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1241121141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    376311854                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    376311854                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1617432995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1617432995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1617432995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1617432995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        77372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        61033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       138405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       138405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 606312.233024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 606312.233024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 990294.352632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 990294.352632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 666433.042851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 666433.042851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 666433.042851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 666433.042851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    513559577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513559577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47537994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47537994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    561097571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561097571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    561097571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561097571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 612109.150179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 612109.150179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1033434.652174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1033434.652174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 634008.554802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 634008.554802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 634008.554802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 634008.554802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              565.976320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              768702527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1339203.008711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.206146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.770174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.038792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94405738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94405738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94405738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94405738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94405738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94405738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1966786.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1966786.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1229381                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 614690.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67182633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67182633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67182633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167181.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167181.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              289289527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             270364.043925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.589792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.410208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.431991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.568009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       304997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        304997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       166215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       471212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         471212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       471212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        471212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1434470160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1434470160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       768488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1435238648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1435238648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1435238648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1435238648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       307977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       307977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       166225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       166225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       474202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       474202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       474202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       474202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 481365.825503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481365.825503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76848.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76848.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 480012.925753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480012.925753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 480012.925753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480012.925753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360561007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360561007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360753307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360753307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360753307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360753307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 444588.171393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444588.171393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443185.880835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443185.880835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443185.880835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443185.880835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              465.776064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753010280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1615901.888412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    10.776064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.017269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       134028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       134028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         134028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       134028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        134028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10377400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10377400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10377400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10377400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10377400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10377400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       134044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       134044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       134044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       134044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       134044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 648587.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648587.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 648587.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 648587.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 648587.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 648587.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7966820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7966820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7966820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7966820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7966820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7966820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 724256.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724256.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 724256.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724256.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 724256.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724256.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              109344254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             169001.938176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   133.452764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   122.547236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.521300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.478700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       104844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        77152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       181996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         181996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       181996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        181996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    255396774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    255396774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    255396774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255396774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    255396774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255396774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       105854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       183006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       183006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 252868.093069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 252868.093069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 252868.093069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 252868.093069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 252868.093069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 252868.093069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107756397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107756397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107756397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107756397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    107756397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107756397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 275591.808184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275591.808184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 275591.808184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275591.808184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 275591.808184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275591.808184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              502.549724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              753291965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1497598.339960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.549724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       100121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        100121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       100121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         100121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       100121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        100121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11590020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11590020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11590020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11590020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11590020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11590020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       100135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       100135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       100135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       100135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       100135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 827858.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827858.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 827858.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827858.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 827858.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827858.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10178830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10178830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10178830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10178830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10178830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10178830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 782986.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782986.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 782986.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782986.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 782986.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 782986.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  897                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125502633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             108848.771032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.688175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.311825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.721438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.278562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        75438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        60905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         136343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        136343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          379                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          379                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1297176662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1297176662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    337104524                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    337104524                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1634281186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1634281186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1634281186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1634281186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        77533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        61284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       138817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       138817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.027021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 619177.404296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 619177.404296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 889457.846966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889457.846966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 660582.532741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 660582.532741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 660582.532741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 660582.532741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    521846085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    521846085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     39228256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39228256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    561074341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561074341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    561074341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561074341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 611777.356389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611777.356389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 891551.272727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891551.272727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 625500.937570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 625500.937570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 625500.937570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 625500.937570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              490.009751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749565508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1490189.876740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.009751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.024054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         131565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        131565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69311737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       131605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       131605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1732793.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52223232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865115.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113243635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             168768.457526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   141.655780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   114.344220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.553343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.446657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         163755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        163755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445632041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156692                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446788733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338626.170973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82620.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335931.378195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129123534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129315834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 312647.782082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310855.370192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              465.774068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753010028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1615901.347639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    10.774068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.017266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       133776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        133776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       133776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         133776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       133776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        133776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12730710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12730710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12730710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12730710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12730710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12730710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       133792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       133792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       133792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       133792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       133792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 795669.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795669.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 795669.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 795669.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 795669.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 795669.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9827868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9827868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9827868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9827868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9827868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9827868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 893442.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893442.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 893442.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893442.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 893442.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893442.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              109343909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             169001.404946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   133.385297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   122.614703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.521036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.478964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       104632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        77019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       181651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         181651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       181651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        181651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    260015629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    260015629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    260015629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    260015629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    260015629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    260015629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       105641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        77019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       182660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       182660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 257696.361744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 257696.361744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 257696.361744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 257696.361744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 257696.361744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 257696.361744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              92                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    110023746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110023746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    110023746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110023746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    110023746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110023746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 281390.654731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281390.654731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 281390.654731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281390.654731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 281390.654731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281390.654731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              465.770536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753010734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1615902.862661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    10.770536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.017260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       134482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       134482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         134482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       134482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        134482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13767202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13767202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13767202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13767202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13767202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13767202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       134498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       134498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       134498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       134498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       134498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 860450.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860450.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 860450.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860450.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 860450.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860450.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11388076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11388076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11388076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11388076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11388076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11388076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1035279.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035279.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1035279.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035279.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1035279.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035279.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109344872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             167964.473118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   133.583330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   122.416670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.521810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.478190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       105183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        77427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       182610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         182610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       182610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        182610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    245678151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245678151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    245678151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245678151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    245678151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245678151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       106203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       183630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       183630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 240860.932353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240860.932353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 240860.932353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240860.932353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 240860.932353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240860.932353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    103516230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103516230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    103516230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103516230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    103516230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103516230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 262066.405063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262066.405063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 262066.405063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262066.405063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 262066.405063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262066.405063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.550659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753291411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1497597.238569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.550659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total          99567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total         99567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total        99581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total        99581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125501691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             109512.819372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   185.068273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    70.931727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.722923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.277077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        75075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         135404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        135404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1289466486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1289466486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    359291718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    359291718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1648758204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1648758204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1648758204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1648758204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        77186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        60702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       137888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       137888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 610832.063477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610832.063477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 963248.573727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963248.573727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    527561280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    527561280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42988763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42988763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570550043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570550043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570550043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570550043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 623594.893617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623594.893617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 977017.340909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977017.340909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              490.205873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              749565986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1490190.827038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.205873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.024368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       132043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        132043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       132043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         132043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       132043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        132043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67329614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67329614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67329614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67329614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67329614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67329614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       132086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       132086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       132086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       132086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       132086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       132086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1565804.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1565804.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1565804.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1565804.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1565804.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1565804.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       271589                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       271589                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59160880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59160880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59160880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59160880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59160880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59160880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2112888.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2112888.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2112888.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2112888.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2112888.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2112888.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              113244072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             167520.816568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   141.948011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   114.051989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.554484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.445516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        89648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        74540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       164188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         164188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       164188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        164188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    460244154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    460244154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1266464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1266464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461510618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    461510618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461510618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    461510618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        90971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        74556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       165527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       165527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.014543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 347879.179138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347879.179138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        79154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344668.123973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 344668.123973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344668.123973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 344668.123973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    141309194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141309194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    141501494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    141501494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    141501494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    141501494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338870.968825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338870.968825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336908.319048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336908.319048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336908.319048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336908.319048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              506.263359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750133519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1476640.785433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.263359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.038884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         125557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       125557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        125557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72780748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72780748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72780748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72780748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     72780748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72780748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       125599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       125599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       125599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1732874.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1732874.952381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1732874.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1732874.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1732874.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1732874.952381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43419155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43419155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43419155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43419155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     43419155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43419155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1669967.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669967.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1669967.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669967.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1669967.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669967.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              118203425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             140886.084625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   182.688743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    73.311257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.713628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.286372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        86796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        72528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       159324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         159324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       159324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        159324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    785889259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    785889259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     39250934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39250934                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    825140193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    825140193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    825140193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    825140193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        88769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       161378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       161378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.022226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 398321.976178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 398321.976178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 484579.432099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 484579.432099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 401723.560370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 401723.560370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 401723.560370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 401723.560370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1154454                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1154454                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    194687679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194687679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    194879979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194879979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    194879979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194879979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335668.412069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335668.412069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334270.975986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334270.975986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334270.975986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334270.975986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
