
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010468                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10468321296                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538243697841                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 402611                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   516723                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 264667                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39552.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15924381572                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20437825387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       184704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       372352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       433152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       432768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       178688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       149760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       255616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       259328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       259328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       260224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       256640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       186496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       425344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       429952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       424064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4834304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1056000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1056000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 37768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       476867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17644090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       440185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35569409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       452413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     41377408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       427958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     41340726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17069403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       452413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14306019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       317912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24418051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       330139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24491415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       366821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24772644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24772644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       330139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24858236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       366821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24515870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       464640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17815273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       427958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     40631539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       476867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     41071724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       440185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     40509265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               461803174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       476867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       440185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       452413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       427958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       440185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       452413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       317912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       330139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       366821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       427958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       330139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       366821                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       464640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       427958                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       476867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       440185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6639460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100875773                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100875773                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100875773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       476867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17644090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       440185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35569409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       452413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     41377408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       427958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     41340726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       440185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17069403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       452413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14306019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       317912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24418051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       330139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24491415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       366821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24772644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       427958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24772644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       330139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24858236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       366821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24515870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       464640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17815273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       427958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     40631539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       476867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     41071724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       440185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     40509265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              562678947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2068566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692271                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871274                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814316                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213962                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19946544                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11557660                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2068566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1028278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2413582                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        555821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       455583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221529                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204164                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23164870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20751288     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112207      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         178834      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         242538      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         248606      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         210851      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         117761      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         176216      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1126569      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23164870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19746037                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       658007                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2409240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2683                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       348898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340598                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14186331                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       348898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19799434                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        134103                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       401686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2359287                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       121457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14181286                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        52973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19790632                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     65965701                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     65965701                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2637242                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3411                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          365407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330631                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       719011                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8420                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       212641                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14163572                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3420                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13455998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1561617                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3729325                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23164870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17437011     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2381409     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1201219      5.19%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       882024      3.81%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       693980      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283744      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179599      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93227      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12657      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23164870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2519     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8246     36.51%     47.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11818     52.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11316293     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200037      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221340      9.08%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716641      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13455998                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536012                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22583                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50101414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15728667                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13249025                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13478581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216081                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9962                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       348898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        106598                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12046                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14167019                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330631                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719011                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1724                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10148                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118545                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       232838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13265686                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147635                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1864213                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885706                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716578                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528432                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13249146                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13249025                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7605695                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20493326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527768                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1861727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206355                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22815972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17740221     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528836     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943190      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449941      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396890      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218408      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180413      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86405      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271668      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22815972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823599                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271668                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36711262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28682958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                303897                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1939019                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.510388                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.510388                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59705464                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18457760                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13147652                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3392                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25103887                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2038777                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201043                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       835781                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800572                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208494                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8920                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19754943                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11569250                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2038777                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1009066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2423534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        585990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       356646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1216775                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22915766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20492232     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         132312      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         207085      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         329206      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         136422      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         152796      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         162333      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         105653      0.46%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1197727      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22915766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460855                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19572330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       541122                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2415611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       380350                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       333524                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14127624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1615                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       380350                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19603737                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        174681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       277875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2391049                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        88070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14117746                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        24346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        33182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4368                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19598907                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     65669442                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     65669442                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16680558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2918349                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3596                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          266574                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347563                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       721965                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21677                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       166930                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14094854                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3608                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13317020                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1822748                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4095797                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          353                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22915766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17303916     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2250262      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1230743      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841448      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786560      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224984      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176572      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59912      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41369      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22915766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3151     12.40%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10039     39.51%     51.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12219     48.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11156931     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       210770      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230174      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717533      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13317020                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530476                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001908                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49591852                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15921359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13098824                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13342429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39997                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          852                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       380350                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        121168                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12499                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14098484                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347563                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721965                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1983                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116057                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116041                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       232098                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13124417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1156999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192603                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1874196                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1845843                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           717197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522804                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13099068                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13098824                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7661503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20021509                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382664                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9798245                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12009983                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2088536                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       204995                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22535416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17657764     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2364128     10.49%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920168      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       494124      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370373      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       205809      0.91%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128951      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       113888      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       280211      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22535416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9798245                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12009983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1800896                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1100951                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1723904                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10821938                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       243974                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       280211                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36353659                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28577422                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                320805                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2188121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9798245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12009983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9798245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.562080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.562080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390308                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390308                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59177821                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18159966                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13171821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1954278                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1762953                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104941                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       740072                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4607                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20697961                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12296194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1954278                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       803168                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2429297                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        330553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       482494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1190448                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105270                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23832781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21403484     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          85998      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         177065      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          73790      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         402383      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         358624      1.50%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          69583      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         146971      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1114883      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23832781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.489812                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20578865                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       603217                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2420026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7892                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       222776                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       171746                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14419823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1548                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       222776                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20601126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        426701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       108538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2407093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        66540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14410934                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        27648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        24403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          430                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16934015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67871624                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67871624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14973013                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1960979                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          892                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          171242                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3394964                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1715416                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15746                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        83185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1726                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13810417                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7703                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1137027                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2740798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           58                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23832781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18928146     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466851      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1205912      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520524      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662046      2.78%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       638816      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363737      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28508      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18241      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23832781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34970     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272212     86.41%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7853      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8670450     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120735      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3307317     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1711089     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13810417                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550131                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022811                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51776349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15519307                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13689583                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14125452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136153                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          371                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11479                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1223                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       222776                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        390214                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381928                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3394964                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1715416                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          893                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12166                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          371                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60080                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62757                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       122837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13711712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3295817                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5006737                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1795638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1710920                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546199                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13690114                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13689583                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7397264                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14588525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545317                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507060                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11110681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13056868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1326283                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1668                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       107006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23610005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18876756     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726402      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810763      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       800668      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217651      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       931690      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69954      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50810      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125311      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23610005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11110681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13056868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4962737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3258802                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1724173                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11610889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       125311                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37867806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28989140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                455577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1271108                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11110681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13056868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11110681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.259437                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.259437                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.442588                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.442588                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67771532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15908982                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17155014                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1953600                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1762445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       738080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695481                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4599                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20692449                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12294037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1953600                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       803125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2429034                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        328986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       486644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1189797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104946                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23829958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21400924     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          86209      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         177095      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          73924      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         402116      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         358692      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          69337      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         146675      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1114986      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23829958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077821                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20574843                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       605860                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2419747                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7923                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       221580                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       171605                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14417172                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1541                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       221580                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20596995                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        429070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       109139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2406988                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        66179                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14408315                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        27662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        24272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          323                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16928199                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67861073                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67861073                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     14976871                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1951322                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          169536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3395760                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1716106                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15625                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        83578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13810917                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1132349                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2724322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23829958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18925524     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466717      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1205229      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520934      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661933      2.78%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639315      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363510      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28795      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18001      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23829958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34936     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272385     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7877      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8668753     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120695      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3308846     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1711797     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13810917                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550150                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315198                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022822                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51774576                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15511645                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13690499                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14126115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25215                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       221580                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        392932                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17966                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14378943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3395760                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1716106                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          887                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12091                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59931                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62518                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       122449                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13712698                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3297511                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5009130                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1795768                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1711619                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546238                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13691023                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13690499                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7397718                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14585729                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545354                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11114368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13061059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1319317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1668                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       106642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23608378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18873845     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726835      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810802      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       800791      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217891      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932113      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69968      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50754      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125379      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23608378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11114368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13061059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4965249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3260479                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1724677                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11614576                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       125379                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37863336                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28982373                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                455240                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1273931                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11114368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13061059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11114368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.258688                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.258688                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442735                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442735                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       67780691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15907632                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      17155179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2069625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869166                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814510                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213866                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9280                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19958427                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11564572                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2069625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1028376                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2414439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        556414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       457121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1222363                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204447                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23179402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20764963     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         112208      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         178436      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         242505      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         249166      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         210459      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         117659      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         176342      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1127664      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23179402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19757139                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       660361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2410055                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2690                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       349152                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       340643                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14194515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1529                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       349152                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19810969                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        134956                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       402368                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2359672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       122280                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14189307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        16433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        53384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19800797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     66003814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     66003814                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17163303                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2637488                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3472                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1781                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          368615                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       719356                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       212800                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14172012                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3481                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13464078                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1562803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3731400                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23179402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17448721     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382992     10.28%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1201355      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       881216      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       695243      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283980      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179987      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93330      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12578      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23179402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2499     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8247     36.55%     47.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11815     52.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11323711     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200093      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1688      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221644      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716942      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13464078                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536334                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22561                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50132076                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15738356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13256907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13486639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216244                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9880                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       349152                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        107683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12018                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14175520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719356                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1784                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10136                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118506                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       233232                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13273511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147844                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190567                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1864718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1886721                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           716874                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528743                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13257030                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13256907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7610598                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20510236                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528082                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371063                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10005775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12312460                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1863055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       206694                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22830250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17752374     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2529664     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943533      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450124      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396775      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218616      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180836      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86462      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271866      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22830250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10005775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12312460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1824683                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1115207                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1775594                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11093351                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       253588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       271866                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36733834                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28700201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                304217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1924487                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10005775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12312460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10005775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.508940                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.508940                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59740711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18468767                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13154952                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2270144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       897159                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831169                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244261                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19778846                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12454988                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2270144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1075430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2596213                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        579573                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       676588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1229635                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199474                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23420713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20824500     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         158597      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         202035      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         320526      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         133186      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         171072      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         200945      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          92035      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1317817      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23420713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090430                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496138                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19663171                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       803582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2583864                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       368796                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       344624                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15220783                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1627                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       368796                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19683339                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         64152                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       684068                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2565004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        55348                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15127526                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        38288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21134086                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     70350562                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     70350562                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17674286                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3459758                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3698                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          195703                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1415895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       739905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       167784                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14771605                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3708                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14169223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14560                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1799431                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3663914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          177                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23420713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17414302     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2742488     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1117853      4.77%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       628259      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849056      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261939      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       258266      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137663      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10887      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23420713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98201     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13031     10.52%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12675     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11936988     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193644      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1299473      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737365      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14169223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564423                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123907                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008745                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51897624                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16574827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13799113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14293130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10501                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9805                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       368796                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         49174                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6279                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14775315                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1415895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1944                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5486                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       240345                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13921786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277618                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2014898                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1968418                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           737280                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.554567                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13799193                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13799113                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8266981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22209721                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.549680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372224                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10282725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12670809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2104549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       210181                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23051917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17687646     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2718538     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988267      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491189      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449529      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189242      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186557      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89090      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251859      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23051917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10282725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12670809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1878873                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1148773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1836588                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11407885                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       261656                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       251859                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37575351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29919547                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                302279                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1683176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10282725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12670809                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10282725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.441365                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.441365                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409607                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409607                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       62644362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19286086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14078706                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1898140                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153247                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1285275                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1250653                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111148                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4622                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20145244                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10794011                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1898140                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1361801                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2405681                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        504843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       301861                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1220133                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23203555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20797874     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         370747      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         182034      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         365696      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         113350      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         340279      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          52305      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          85571      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         895699      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23203555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075611                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.429974                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19902668                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       549325                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2400729                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2000                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       348832                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       175586                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1938                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12043450                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4558                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       348832                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19930284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        329817                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       136112                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2375077                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        83426                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12024590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        67049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15724215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     54448228                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     54448228                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12697622                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3026588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1575                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          179754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201011                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       343938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3167                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        78136                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         11961064                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11181596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2198207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4527947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23203555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18298646     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1532302      6.60%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1656647      7.14%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       956850      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487934      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122303      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142671      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3443      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2759      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23203555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18407     57.36%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7530     23.46%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6154     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8748603     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85567      0.77%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2006028     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340622      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11181596                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.445413                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32091                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45606176                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14160881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10894650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11213687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8832                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455652                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8918                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       348832                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        221065                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10232                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11962654                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201011                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          221                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       162091                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11041347                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1977700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140249                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2318283                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1680087                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           340583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.439826                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             10897410                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            10894650                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6598912                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14252696                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.433983                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.462994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8681501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9747493                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2215663                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1563                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       152113                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22854723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19239975     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1410009      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915554      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286440      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482299      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91791      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58714      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52907      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317034      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22854723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8681501                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9747493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2080375                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1745356                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1497699                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8510629                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       119278                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       317034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           34500819                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          24275404                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                452901                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1900334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8681501                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9747493                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8681501                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.891653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.891653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.345823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.345823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       51367538                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      14167805                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12834240                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1898374                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699089                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153270                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1284139                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1250823                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111119                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4591                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20141952                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10795986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1898374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1361942                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2406789                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        505120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       299207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1220165                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150158                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23198972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20792183     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         371067      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         182789      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         366163      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         113107      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         340188      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          52190      0.22%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          85071      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         896214      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23198972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430052                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19899015                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       547020                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2401789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       349085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       175375                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1939                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12045256                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4558                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       349085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19926854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        328267                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       135087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2375956                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        83716                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12026521                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        67089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15727958                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     54459002                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     54459002                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     12697836                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3030102                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          180614                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       343877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3082                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        78088                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         11962582                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1583                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        11183009                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7438                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2199317                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4527961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23198972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18293791     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1532095      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1657204      7.14%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       956420      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487896      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122756      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142557      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3484      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2769      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23198972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18466     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7546     23.46%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6155     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8749861     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85622      0.77%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2006087     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340663      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     11183009                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.445469                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45604593                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14163511                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10895861                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     11215176                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455876                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8854                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       349085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        219173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10237                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11964177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1068                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4065                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          215                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103020                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59163                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       162183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11042103                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1977398                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2318028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1680167                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           340630                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.439856                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             10898613                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            10895861                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6601166                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14258531                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.434031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.462963                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8681690                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      9747682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2216968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1563                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       152133                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22849887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19235460     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1409990      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915105      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286140      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482724      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91844      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58605      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52836      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317183      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22849887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8681690                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      9747682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2080435                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1745412                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1497732                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         8510789                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       119280                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       317183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           34497328                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          24278665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                452835                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1904917                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8681690                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             9747682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8681690                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.891590                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.891590                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.345830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.345830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       51371712                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14168595                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12836404                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1897040                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1697756                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153081                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1284052                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1250106                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111087                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20138361                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10789284                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1897040                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1361193                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2405219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        503820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       302784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1219627                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149914                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23196275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20791056     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         371061      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         182500      0.79%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         365782      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         112877      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         340093      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          52039      0.22%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          85058      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         895809      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23196275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075568                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.429785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19898366                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       547706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2400191                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2040                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       347971                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       175318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1940                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12037551                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4571                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       347971                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19925691                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        328815                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       136342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2374783                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        82666                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12018617                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        66170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15716655                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     54423068                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     54423068                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12697808                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3018827                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          795                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          179004                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2200309                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       343915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3131                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        78393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         11955299                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1573                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11179271                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2192050                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4511963                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23196275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18291691     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1532388      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1657097      7.14%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       955655      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488763      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122425      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142026      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3449      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2781      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23196275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18435     57.43%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7509     23.39%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6158     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8746475     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85566      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2005841     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340613      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11179271                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.445320                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32102                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45594274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14148952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10891720                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11211373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454898                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8893                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       347971                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        221270                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10162                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11956879                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1045                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2200309                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          793                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4092                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          230                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102767                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58968                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       161735                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11038130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1977153                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2317723                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1679536                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           340570                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.439698                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             10894528                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            10891720                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6598307                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14250707                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.433866                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463016                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8681668                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9747660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2209707                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1562                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       151945                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22848304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19233179     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1410576      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914928      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286636      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482533      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92111      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58473      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53149      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       316719      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22848304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8681668                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9747660                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2080428                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1745406                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1497728                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8510771                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       119280                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       316719                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           34488926                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          24262967                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                452496                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1907614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8681668                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9747660                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8681668                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.891597                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.891597                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.345830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.345830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       51353256                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14163569                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12829229                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2041426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1674136                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201982                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       832596                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793288                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208889                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19472637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11612124                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2041426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1002177                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2550988                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        579066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       636202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1202064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23033652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20482664     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         276009      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         318980      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         174835      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         201632      0.88%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         110684      0.48%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          75474      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         198240      0.86%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1195134      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23033652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19309130                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       803131                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2528704                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        20988                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       371698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       330942                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2127                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14173341                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        11187                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       371698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19341654                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        267585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       446334                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2518427                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        87945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14162905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        41466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19677058                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     65948975                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     65948975                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16723482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2953551                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3745                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          238098                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1357378                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       737378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19889                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       163411                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14139136                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13334726                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19243                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1822370                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4232098                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23033652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17418110     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2257183      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213557      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839805      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735675      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       374545      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91909      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58809      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44059      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23033652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3386     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12911     43.76%     55.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13207     44.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11157412     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208486      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1629      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1236056      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731143      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13334726                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531182                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29504                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002213                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49751847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15965390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13106164                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13364230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33414                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19306                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          814                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       371698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        219393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14142906                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1357378                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10051                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114864                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       230518                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13132429                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1889932                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1835521                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           730904                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13106478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13106164                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7790758                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20415702                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522077                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381606                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9823173                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12052063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2091032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3282                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       203026                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22661954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17738469     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2282515     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957978      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574003      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398413      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256545      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134903      0.60%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107236      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       211892      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22661954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9823173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12052063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1827196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1109124                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1638                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1724757                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10865650                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       245257                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       211892                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36593092                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28657919                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                301489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2070237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9823173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12052063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9823173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.555578                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.555578                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391301                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391301                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59242736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18187376                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13227287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3278                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1898343                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698563                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1285754                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1250993                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111177                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20137144                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10792601                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1898343                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1362170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2405464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        503688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       299905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1219553                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149732                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23192492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20787028     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         370974      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         181932      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         365866      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         113039      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         340345      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          52346      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          85471      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         895491      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23192492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.429917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19894222                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       547706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2400470                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2052                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       348041                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       175790                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1938                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12040951                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4572                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       348041                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19921853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        328701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       135607                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2374792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        83491                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12022142                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        66850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15720122                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     54435354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     54435354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12699471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3020641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          799                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          180635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2200471                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       343927                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3152                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        78073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11958271                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1577                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11181394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7457                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2193378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4514759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23192492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18287251     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1532211      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1657405      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       956983      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487378      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122611      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142452      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3463      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2738      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23192492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18422     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7509     23.40%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6155     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8747989     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85544      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2006376     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340709      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11181394                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.445405                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32086                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45594823                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14153256                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10894415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11213480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454630                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       348041                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        219857                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10221                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11959857                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2200471                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343927                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4106                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          232                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58888                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       161711                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11040919                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1977879                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140475                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2318554                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1680210                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           340675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.439809                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10897240                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10894415                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6599240                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14251816                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.433973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463046                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8683090                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9749082                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2211261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1562                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       151747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22844451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19228714     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1410799      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915483      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286577      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482509      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91760      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58567      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52988      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317054      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22844451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8683090                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9749082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2080867                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1745837                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1497963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8511966                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       119284                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       317054                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           34487714                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          24268983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                452457                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1911397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8683090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9749082                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8683090                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.891124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.891124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.345886                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.345886                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       51365999                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14165913                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12833286                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1897953                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698943                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152794                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286100                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251983                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110931                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4613                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20145821                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10793810                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1897953                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1362914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2406171                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        503213                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       297227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1219924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149667                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23198813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20792642     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         371349      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         181934      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         366202      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         113616      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         340431      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          52300      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          84962      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         895377      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23198813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.429966                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19904018                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       543976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2401146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2019                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       347653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       175015                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1941                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12039971                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4589                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       347653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19931644                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        326070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       134763                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2375471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        83205                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12021129                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        66759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15718809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     54431439                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     54431439                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12702565                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3016234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1576                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          179901                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201064                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       343878                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3095                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        78171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11957307                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11180558                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2190016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4510116                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23198813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18293019     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1532749      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658114      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       956590      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487443      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122341      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142333      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3456      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2768      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23198813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18336     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7539     23.54%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6156     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8747147     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85558      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2006495     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340582      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11180558                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.445372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32031                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45599215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14148933                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10894235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11212589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8554                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454410                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       347653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        218355                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10204                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11958894                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201064                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343878                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4073                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102990                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       161665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11040190                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978104                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2318647                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1680112                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           340543                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.439780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10897045                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10894235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6599622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14249458                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.433966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8685739                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9751731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2207666                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1563                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       151656                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22851160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19234313     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411335      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915533      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286610      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482866      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91872      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58635      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53102      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       316894      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22851160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8685739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9751731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2081701                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1746650                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1498390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8514208                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       119294                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       316894                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34493637                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24266702                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                452674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1905076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8685739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9751731                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8685739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.890242                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.890242                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.345992                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.345992                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       51365575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14164952                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12835131                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2068042                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692052                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869364                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813666                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213806                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9294                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19938892                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11556129                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2068042                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1027472                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2412903                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        557041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       458799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1221374                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204400                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23160614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20747711     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         112179      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         178855      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         242090      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         210368      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         117331      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         175343      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1127466      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23160614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19737925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       661744                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2408488                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2696                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       349756                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       340195                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14183293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       349756                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19791749                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        135347                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       403371                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2358104                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       122282                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14177857                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        16491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        53400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19783888                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     65948937                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     65948937                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17141002                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2642886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3529                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1840                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          368857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330019                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       718584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8497                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       212432                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14160785                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3537                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13451149                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1566114                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3735026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23160614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269913                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17436547     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2379427     10.27%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199941      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880328      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       695200      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283321      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180100      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93149      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12601      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23160614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2493     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8235     36.53%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11818     52.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11313370     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199932      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1686      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220035      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716126      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13451149                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.535819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22546                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50087408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15730492                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13244444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13473695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27681                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           58                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       349756                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        107914                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14164347                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330019                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10155                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           58                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118526                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       233357                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13261018                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147035                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190131                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1863091                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1884650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           716056                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528246                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13244555                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13244444                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7603277                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20489322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527585                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371085                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9992799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12296513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1867838                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3394                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       206718                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22810858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17739433     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2526257     11.07%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       942384      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450043      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396051      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218330      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180609      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86157      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271594      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22810858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9992799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12296513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1822344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1113780                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1773291                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11078996                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       253263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       271594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36703550                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28678473                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                304362                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1943275                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9992799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12296513                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9992799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.512198                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.512198                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398058                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398058                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59685189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18450060                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13145271                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3390                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1955061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763451                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104377                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       742077                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         696494                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107779                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4616                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20712339                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12299587                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1955061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       804273                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2429999                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        327564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       480675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1190492                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104718                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23843623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21413624     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          85864      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         177516      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          73750      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         402614      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         358878      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          70107      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         146874      0.62%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1114396      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23843623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077879                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489947                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20594137                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       600444                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2420803                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       220357                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       172028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14421360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1548                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       220357                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20616170                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        424425                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       108376                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2408121                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        66167                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14412757                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        27709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        24108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          499                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16932763                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67880113                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67880113                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14996369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1936394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1723                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          895                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          168742                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1717545                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15771                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        82996                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14382805                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1730                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13822123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7761                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1121218                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2696766                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           58                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23843623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18933620     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1469163      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1207487      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521428      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661401      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639694      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364228      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28556      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18046      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23843623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34923     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272455     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7893      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8675328     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120802      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          828      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3311928     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1713237     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13822123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550597                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315271                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022809                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51810901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15506119                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13702195                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14137394                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       133730                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1228                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       220357                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        388269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14384550                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1717545                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          895                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12137                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62114                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       122170                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13724543                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3300343                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        97580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5013418                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1797760                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1713075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13702728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13702195                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7402169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14590715                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507321                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11127378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13076642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1309392                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1672                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       106434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23623266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18882399     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1729291      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       812240      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       802107      3.40%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218130      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932911      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69630      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50769      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125789      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23623266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11127378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13076642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4969659                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3263312                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1726788                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11628520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       126742                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       125789                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37883472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28992460                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                455488                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1260266                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11127378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13076642                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11127378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.256047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.256047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443253                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443253                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       67838916                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15921654                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      17164651                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1954506                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763402                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104935                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       731074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695861                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107520                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4610                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20699651                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12299017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1954506                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       803381                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2430089                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        330584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       482621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1190474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23835448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21405359     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          86315      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         176590      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          73835      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         402857      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         358746      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          69599      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         146855      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1115292      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23835448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077857                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.489925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20581580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       602302                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2420795                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         7932                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       222834                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       171601                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          253                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14424737                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1539                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       222834                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20603758                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        428061                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       106815                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2408034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        65939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14415897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        27480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        24138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          288                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16938854                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67896213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67896213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14975255                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        1963583                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          851                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          169949                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3396413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1715873                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15751                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        82985                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14384189                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13812403                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7587                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1139350                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2750787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23835448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18930953     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466875      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1204884      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520611      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661995      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639716      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363595      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28755      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18064      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23835448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34953     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272409     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7917      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8670964     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120668      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3308362     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1711583     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13812403                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.550210                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315279                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022826                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51783120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15525591                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13692082                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14127682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24986                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11449                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1220                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       222834                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        391928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14385889                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3396413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1715873                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          852                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12162                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62537                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       122639                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13714176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3296565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            5007980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1795588                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1711415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.546297                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13692600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13692082                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7398099                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14592070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11112832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13059313                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1327785                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1667                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       106980                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23612614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18879044     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726439      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810444      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       800625      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217886      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       931976      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70069      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50775      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125356      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23612614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11112832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13059313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              4964205                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3259781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1724466                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11613041                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       125356                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37874317                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28997075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                455579                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1268441                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11112832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13059313                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11112832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.259000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.259000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.442674                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.442674                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       67785398                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      15910608                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      17159087                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1664                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25103889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1955045                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104940                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       751701                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695919                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107704                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4608                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20708357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12301576                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1955045                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       803623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2430142                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        330129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       480305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1190885                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105253                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23841405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21411263     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          86155      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         177142      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          73751      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         402823      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         358987      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          69251      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         146669      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1115364      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23841405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077878                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.490027                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20589804                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       600436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2420941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       222350                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       171946                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14423643                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1545                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       222350                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20612198                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        423027                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       108944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2407846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        67033                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14414609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        27561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        24599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          709                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16936358                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     67886905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     67886905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14979568                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1956778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1738                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          912                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          171051                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3396543                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1716938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15657                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        83371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14383784                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13818069                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7604                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1133657                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2719788                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23841405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18933886     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467541      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1207253      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521017      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661482      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639408      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363999      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28543      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18276      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23841405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34911     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272299     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7877      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8673765     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120739      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3310273     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712466     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13818069                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550435                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315087                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022803                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51800234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15519548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13697460                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14133156                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25069                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134884                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11578                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1225                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       222350                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        386742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17886                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14385547                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3396543                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1716938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          912                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62673                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       122816                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13719701                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3298841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            5011098                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1796615                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1712257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13697987                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13697460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7399782                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14584408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507376                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11116951                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13063993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1322912                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1668                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       107016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23619055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18883525     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726913      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810858      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801684      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217475      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932660      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69784      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50840      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125316      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23619055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11116951                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13063993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4967012                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3261652                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1725028                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11617159                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       125316                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37880605                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28996208                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                455845                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1262484                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11116951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13063993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11116951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.258163                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.258163                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.442838                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.442838                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       67815343                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15917004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      17164640                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          37775                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32764.144964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1494847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          70543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.190579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           234.303687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.564492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   600.731720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.001995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1211.228078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.257275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1409.998692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.771784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1399.771815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.731035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   579.129757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.629248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   500.166034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    16.406744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   799.219595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.452638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   797.812168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    17.852008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   797.984686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.133712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   880.971229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.276197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   805.448957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.025756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   796.565915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.531680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   601.875663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.477845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1394.309031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.435177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1392.422466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.333164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1381.554104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           824.901656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1282.967376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1114.908130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1095.785030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           857.050590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           725.162287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1141.327130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1146.655311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1136.135572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           994.560589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1125.923725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1170.831820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           811.820085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1149.123430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1112.872205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1161.745679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.036964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.043030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.042718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.017674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.015264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.024390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.024347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.026885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.024580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.024309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.018368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.042551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.042493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.042162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.025174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.039153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.034024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.033441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.026155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.022130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.034831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.034993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.034672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.030352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.034360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.035731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.024775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.035068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.033962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.035454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   59231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16510                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16510                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2612                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4219                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4712                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 37760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  37768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 37768                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5599386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    218797449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5425483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    441625194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5903215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    516704574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5639481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    515260571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5395886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    209636732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5606389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177906498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3962884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    301468230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3978636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302248472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4687949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    306431641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5257437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    306039779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4052542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    307745711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4358476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    302616224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5669961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    221459495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5321775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    506549627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5959811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    511574548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5890596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    505526434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5734301086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       276023                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       158234                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       449323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       132115                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       149731                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1165426                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5599386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    218797449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5425483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    441625194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5903215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    516704574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5639481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    515536594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5395886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    209636732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5606389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177906498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3962884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    301626464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3978636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302248472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4687949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    306431641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5257437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    306489102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4052542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    307877826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4358476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    302616224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5669961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    221459495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5321775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    506549627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5959811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    511574548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5890596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    505676165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5735466512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5599386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    218797449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5425483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    441625194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5903215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    516704574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5639481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    515536594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5395886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    209636732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5606389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177906498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3962884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    301626464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3978636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302248472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4687949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    306431641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5257437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    306489102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4052542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    307877826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4358476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    302616224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5669961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    221459495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5321775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    506549627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5959811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    511574548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5890596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    505676165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5735466512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               96991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16510                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16510                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                97157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               97157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.419699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.312918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.361538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.416646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.389314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.048193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.419479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.410856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.416181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.388732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.419479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.410856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.416181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.388732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       143574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151626.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150707.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151813.404606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159546.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152690.476950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161128.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152489.071027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149885.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150169.578797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151524.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152056.835897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152418.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151036.187375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147356.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150897.889166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156264.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151249.576012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150212.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151280.167573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150094.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151449.660925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 145282.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150930.785037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149209.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151996.908030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152050.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152437.444177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152815.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152299.657041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163627.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152634.792874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151861.787235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 138011.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       158234                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149774.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       132115                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       149731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145678.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       143574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151626.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150707.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151813.404606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159546.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152690.476950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161128.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152480.506951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149885.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150169.578797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151524.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152056.835897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152418.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151039.791688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147356.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150897.889166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156264.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151249.576012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150212.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151277.937808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150094.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151440.150516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 145282.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150930.785037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149209.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151996.908030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152050.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152437.444177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152815.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152299.657041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163627.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152633.916390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151860.477441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       143574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151626.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150707.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151813.404606                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159546.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152690.476950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161128.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152480.506951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149885.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150169.578797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151524.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152056.835897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152418.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151039.791688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 147356.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150897.889166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156264.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151249.576012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150212.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151277.937808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150094.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151440.150516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 145282.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150930.785037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149209.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151996.908030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152050.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152437.444177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152815.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152299.657041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163627.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152633.916390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151860.477441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8250                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8250                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            37760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             37768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            37768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3334845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134755092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3326285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    272249256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3755894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    319815230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3606559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    318661054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3306990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    128366534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3448527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    109796071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2451732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    185211827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2410277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    185584299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2941951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188434475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3215589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188204004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2481356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    189409051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2610999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    185856631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3460696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    136636432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3283120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    313163893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3692724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    316066332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3799613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    312804392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3536141730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       158441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       100003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       273675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        74267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        90947                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       697333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3334845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134755092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3326285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    272249256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3755894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    319815230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3606559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    318819495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3306990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    128366534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3448527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    109796071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2451732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    185311830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2410277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    185584299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2941951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188434475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3215589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188477679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2481356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    189483318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2610999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    185856631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3460696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    136636432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3283120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    313163893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3692724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    316066332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3799613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    312895339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3536839063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3334845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134755092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3326285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    272249256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3755894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    319815230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3606559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    318819495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3306990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    128366534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3448527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    109796071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2451732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    185311830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2410277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    185584299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2941951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    188434475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3215589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188477679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2481356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    189483318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2610999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    185856631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3460696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    136636432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3283120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    313163893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3692724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    316066332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3799613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    312895339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3536839063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.419699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.312918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.361538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.416646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.389314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.419479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.410856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.416181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.388732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.355857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.408109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.418449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.419479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.311834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.361513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.367428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.369099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.360198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.410856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.416181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.410329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.388732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 85508.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93385.372141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92396.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93588.606394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101510.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94508.046690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103044.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94306.319621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91860.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91953.104585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93203.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93842.795726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94297.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92791.496493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89269.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92653.169745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98065.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93008.131787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91873.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93032.132477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91902.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93213.115650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 87033.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92696.574065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91070.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93779.294441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93803.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94241.315980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94685.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94095.365287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 105544.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94445.770531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93647.821239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 79220.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       100003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        91225                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        74267                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        90947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87166.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 85508.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93385.372141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92396.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93588.606394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101510.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94508.046690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103044.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94297.395741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91860.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91953.104585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93203.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93842.795726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94297.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92795.107661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89269.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92653.169745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98065.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93008.131787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91873.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93029.456565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91902.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93203.796360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 87033.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92696.574065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91070.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93779.294441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93803.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94241.315980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94685.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94095.365287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 105544.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94444.714458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93646.448395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 85508.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93385.372141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92396.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93588.606394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101510.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94508.046690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103044.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94297.395741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91860.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91953.104585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93203.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93842.795726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94297.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92795.107661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 89269.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92653.169745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98065.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93008.131787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91873.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93029.456565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91902.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93203.796360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 87033.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92696.574065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91070.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93779.294441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93803.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94241.315980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94685.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94095.365287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 105544.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94444.714458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93646.448395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              510.160758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1936614.263056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.160758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.056347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8054265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8054265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8054265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8054265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8054265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8054265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157926.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157926.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157926.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157926.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157926.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157926.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6667931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6667931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6667931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6667931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6667931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6667931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158760.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158760.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158760.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158760.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158760.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158760.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35407.951751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.924179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.075821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.862985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.137015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       840183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1548043409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1548043409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6962255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6962255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1555005664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1555005664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1555005664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1555005664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       853058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1701                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120236.381282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120236.381282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 83882.590361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83882.590361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120003.524001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120003.524001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120003.524001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120003.524001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    408723218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408723218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1017185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1017185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409740403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    409740403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409740403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    409740403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101169.113366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101169.113366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67812.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67812.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101045.722072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101045.722072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101045.722072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101045.722072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              521.180191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1006992053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1910800.859583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.180191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1216728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1216728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1216728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1216728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1216728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1216728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7038051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7038051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7038051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7038051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7038051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7038051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1216775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1216775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1216775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1216775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1216775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1216775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149745.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149745.765957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149745.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149745.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149745.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149745.765957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5877290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5877290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5877290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5877290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5877290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5877290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158845.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158845.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158845.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158845.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158845.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158845.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167404071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             22671.190547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.242151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.757849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       841706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        841706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       696577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1538283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1538283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1538283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1538283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2174907163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2174907163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7056126                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7056126                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2181963289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2181963289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2181963289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2181963289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       860000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       696662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1930                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1556662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1556662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1556662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1556662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118886.365092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118886.365092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83013.247059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83013.247059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118720.457533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118720.457533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118720.457533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118720.457533                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          846                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             846                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    757181242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    757181242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       977724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    758158966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    758158966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    758158966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    758158966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106450.336286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106450.336286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65181.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65181.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106363.491302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106363.491302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106363.491302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106363.491302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              574.536980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032147163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1776501.141136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.415973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.121006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.920732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1190398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1190398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1190398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1190398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1190398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9137192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9137192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9137192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9137192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9137192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9137192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1190448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1190448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1190448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182743.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182743.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182743.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182743.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182743.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182743.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7290388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7290388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7290388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7290388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7290388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7290388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 191852.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191852.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 191852.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191852.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 191852.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191852.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406951968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             48777.654081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.998792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.001208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3109578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3109578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1702212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1702212                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4811790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4811790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4811790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4811790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        28750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        28750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3395686349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3395686349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3178862                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3178862                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3398865211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3398865211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3398865211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3398865211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3138298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3138298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1702242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1702242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4840540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4840540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4840540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4840540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118234.204352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118234.204352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105962.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105962.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118221.398643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118221.398643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118221.398643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118221.398643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    887026131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    887026131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       846670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       846670                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    887872801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    887872801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    887872801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    887872801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109807.641867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109807.641867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94074.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94074.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109790.132435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109790.132435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109790.132435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109790.132435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              572.657139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1032146515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1782636.468048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.149503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.507636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.049919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1189750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1189750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1189750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1189750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1189750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1189750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9145023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9145023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9145023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9145023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9145023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9145023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1189797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1189797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1189797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194574.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194574.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194574.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194574.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194574.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194574.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7062546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7062546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7062546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7062546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7062546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7062546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 196181.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196181.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 196181.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196181.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 196181.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196181.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 8060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              406954350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 8316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             48936.309524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.993865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.006135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3111129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3111129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1703048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1703048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4814177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4814177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4814177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4814177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        28716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        28716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3402395615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3402395615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2857189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2857189                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3405252804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3405252804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3405252804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3405252804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3139816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3139816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1703077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1703077                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4842893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4842893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4842893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4842893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118604.092969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118604.092969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98523.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98523.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118583.814041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118583.814041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118583.814041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118583.814041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    886038767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    886038767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       800247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       800247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    886839014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    886839014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    886839014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    886839014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110053.256366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110053.256366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88916.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88916.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110029.654342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110029.654342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110029.654342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110029.654342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              507.995778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001230415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1947919.095331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.995778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.052878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1222319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1222319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1222319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1222319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1222319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7564955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7564955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7564955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7564955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7564955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7564955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1222363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1222363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1222363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171930.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171930.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171930.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171930.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171930.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171930.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6531107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6531107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6531107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6531107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6531107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6531107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167464.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167464.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167464.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167464.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167464.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167464.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4048                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152644366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35465.698420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   220.942383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    35.057617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.863056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.136944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       840392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       706125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706125                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1546517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1546517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1523157415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1523157415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7163496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7163496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1530320911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1530320911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1530320911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1530320911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       853255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       706215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1559470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1559470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118413.854855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118413.854855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79594.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79594.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118144.129622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118144.129622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118144.129622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118144.129622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    401874997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401874997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1029377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1029377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    402904374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402904374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    402904374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402904374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99646.664270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99646.664270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68625.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68625.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99531.712945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99531.712945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99531.712945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99531.712945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              488.124692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1004329025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2033054.706478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.124692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1229585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1229585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1229585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1229585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1229585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7843522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7843522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7843522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7843522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7843522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7843522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1229635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1229635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1229635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156870.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156870.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156870.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156870.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156870.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156870.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6252452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6252452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6252452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6252452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160319.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160319.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160319.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160319.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160319.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160319.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148944421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             37161.781687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   219.397058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    36.602942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.857020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.142980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       978188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       726475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726475                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1704663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1704663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1704663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1704663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1010712782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1010712782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5104009                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5104009                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1015816791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1015816791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1015816791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1015816791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       987791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       726538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1714329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1714329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1714329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1714329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105249.690930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105249.690930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81016.015873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81016.015873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105091.743327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105091.743327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105091.743327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105091.743327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    361984234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361984234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       971398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    362955632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    362955632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    362955632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    362955632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96813.114202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96813.114202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74722.923077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74722.923077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96736.575693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96736.575693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96736.575693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96736.575693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              549.904801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              921365133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1663113.958484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.736353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.168449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.038039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1220101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1220101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1220101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1220101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1220101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5213892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5213892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5213892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5213892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5213892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5213892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1220133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1220133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1220133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162934.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162934.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162934.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162934.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162934.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162934.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4580384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4580384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4580384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4580384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169643.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169643.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169643.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169643.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169643.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169643.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205503795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             35554.289792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   193.973655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    62.026345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.757710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.242290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1810988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1810988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       333416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2144404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2144404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2144404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2144404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2074778280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2074778280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2386509                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2386509                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2077164789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2077164789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2077164789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2077164789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1830053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1830053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       333441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2163494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2163494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2163494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2163494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108826.555468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108826.555468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95460.360000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95460.360000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108809.051283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108809.051283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108809.051283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108809.051283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             621                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    562759541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562759541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       575988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       575988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    563335529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    563335529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    563335529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    563335529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101986.143711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101986.143711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        95998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95998                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101979.639573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101979.639573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101979.639573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101979.639573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              550.731400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              921365164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1660117.412613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.563205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.168195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.039364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1220132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1220132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5339829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5339829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5339829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5339829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5339829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5339829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       161813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       161813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       161813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       161813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       161813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       161813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4632872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4632872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4632872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4632872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4632872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4632872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165459.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165459.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165459.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165459.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165459.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165459.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              205503302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35690.048975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   193.292699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    62.707301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.755050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.244950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1810494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1810494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       333417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2143911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2143911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2143911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2143911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2080769467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2080769467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2710121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2710121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2083479588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2083479588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2083479588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2083479588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1829563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1829563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       333445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2163008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2163008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2163008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2163008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109117.912161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109117.912161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96790.035714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96790.035714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109099.837042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109099.837042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109099.837042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109099.837042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13595                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    561012218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561012218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       457856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       457856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    561470074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561470074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    561470074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561470074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102076.458879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102076.458879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76309.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76309.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102048.359506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102048.359506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102048.359506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102048.359506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              552.383184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              921364623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1651191.080645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.214750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.168434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.042011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1219591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1219591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1219591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1219591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1219591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1219591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6017934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6017934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6017934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6017934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6017934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6017934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1219627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1219627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1219627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1219627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1219627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1219627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167164.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167164.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167164.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167164.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167164.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167164.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5276031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5276031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5276031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5276031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5276031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5276031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170194.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170194.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170194.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170194.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170194.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170194.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5514                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205503588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35615.873137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   192.776974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    63.223026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.753035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.246965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1810789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1810789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       333415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2144204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2144204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2144204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2144204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2086460268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2086460268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3091235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3091235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2089551503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2089551503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2089551503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2089551503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1829840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1829840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       333445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2163285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2163285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2163285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2163285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109519.724319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109519.724319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103041.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103041.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109509.538441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109509.538441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109509.538441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109509.538441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    565255140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565255140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       477271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       477271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    565732411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565732411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    565732411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565732411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102624.389978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102624.389978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79545.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79545.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102599.276569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102599.276569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102599.276569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102599.276569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              510.016445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1002526171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1935378.708494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.016445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.044898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1202020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1202020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1202020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1202020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1202020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1202020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6893693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6893693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6893693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6893693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6893693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6893693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1202064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1202064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1202064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156674.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156674.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156674.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156674.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156674.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156674.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5672326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5672326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5672326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5672326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5672326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5672326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157564.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157564.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157564.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157564.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157564.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157564.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5624                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158552264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             26964.670748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.929206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.070794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.886442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.113558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       846837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        846837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       714028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1560865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1560865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1560865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1560865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2449630232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2449630232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57853191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57853191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2507483423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2507483423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2507483423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2507483423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       866195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       714525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1639                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1580720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1580720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000696                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000696                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126543.559872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126543.559872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 116404.810865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116404.810865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126289.771997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126289.771997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 126289.771997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126289.771997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    570398232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570398232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1458634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1458634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    571856866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    571856866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    571856866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    571856866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101747.811630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101747.811630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81035.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81035.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101681.519559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101681.519559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101681.519559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101681.519559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.306961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              921364551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1660116.308108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.138465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.168496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1219519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1219519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1219519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1219519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1219519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1219519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5152470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5152470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5152470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5152470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5152470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5152470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1219553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1219553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1219553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1219553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1219553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1219553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151543.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151543.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151543.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151543.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151543.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151543.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4441508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4441508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4441508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4441508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4441508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4441508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158625.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158625.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158625.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158625.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158625.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158625.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205503983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35653.015788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   194.118967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    61.881033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.758277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.241723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1811175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1811175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       333423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2144598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2144598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2144598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2144598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2084991322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2084991322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2946895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2946895                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2087938217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2087938217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2087938217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2087938217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1830218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1830218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       333453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2163671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2163671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2163671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2163671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109488.595389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109488.595389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98229.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98229.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109470.886436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109470.886436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109470.886436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109470.886436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    564618337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    564618337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       549318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       549318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    565167655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565167655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    565167655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565167655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102620.562886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102620.562886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        91553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102608.506718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102608.506718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102608.506718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102608.506718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              552.009927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              921364918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1651191.609319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.255985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.753942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1219886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1219886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1219886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1219886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1219886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1219886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5753693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5753693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5753693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5753693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5753693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5753693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1219924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1219924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1219924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1219924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1219924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1219924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151412.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151412.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151412.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151412.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151412.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151412.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4850171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4850171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4850171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4850171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4850171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4850171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156457.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156457.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156457.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156457.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156457.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156457.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205504473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35634.554014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   194.104442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    61.895558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.758220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.241780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1811641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1811641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       333443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2145084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2145084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2145084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2145084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2076636658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2076636658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3130515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3130515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2079767173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2079767173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2079767173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2079767173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1830673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1830673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       333473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333473                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2164146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2164146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2164146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2164146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109112.897121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109112.897121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104350.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104350.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109105.402004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109105.402004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109105.402004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109105.402004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    562079030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562079030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       508878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       508878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    562587908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562587908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    562587908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562587908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102103.366031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102103.366031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        84813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102084.541463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102084.541463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102084.541463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102084.541463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              509.246719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001229422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1940367.096899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.246719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1221326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1221326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1221326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1221326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1221326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8121405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8121405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8121405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8121405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8121405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8121405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1221374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1221374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1221374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169195.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169195.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169195.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169195.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169195.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169195.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6830762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6830762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6830762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6830762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6830762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6830762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166603.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166603.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166603.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166603.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166603.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166603.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              152641957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35489.876075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   220.921722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    35.078278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.862975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.137025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       838830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        838830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       705219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1544049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1544049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1544049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1544049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        12997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        12997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        12997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1557561096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1557561096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7251380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7251380                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1564812476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1564812476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1564812476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1564812476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       851739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       851739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       705307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1557046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1557046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120656.990937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120656.990937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82402.045455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82402.045455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120397.974610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120397.974610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120397.974610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120397.974610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    410716907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410716907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1005499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    411722406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    411722406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    411722406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    411722406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101914.865261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101914.865261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67033.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67033.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101785.514462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101785.514462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101785.514462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101785.514462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              574.206691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1032147211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1782637.670121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    32.699947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.506743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.052404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.920203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1190446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1190446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1190446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1190446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1190446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8392548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8392548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8392548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8392548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8392548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8392548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1190492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1190492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1190492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182446.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182446.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182446.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182446.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182446.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182446.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6524846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6524846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6524846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6524846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181245.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181245.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181245.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181245.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 181245.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181245.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8088                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              406958532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             48772.594919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   110.999521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   145.000479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3113728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3113728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1704620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4818348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4818348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4818348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4818348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        28762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        28762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3374788184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3374788184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2973274                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2973274                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3377761458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3377761458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3377761458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3377761458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3142460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3142460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1704650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4847110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4847110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4847110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4847110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117457.475428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117457.475428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99109.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99109.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117438.337320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117438.337320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117438.337320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117438.337320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    877512575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    877512575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       765456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       765456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    878278031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878278031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    878278031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878278031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108616.484095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108616.484095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85050.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85050.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108590.261004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108590.261004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108590.261004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108590.261004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              575.845150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1032147187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1770406.838765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.664351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   540.180799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.865674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.922829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1190422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1190422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1190422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1190422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1190422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9644266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9644266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9644266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9644266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9644266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9644266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1190474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1190474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1190474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185466.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185466.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185466.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185466.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185466.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185466.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7467356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7467356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7467356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7467356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7467356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7467356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186683.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186683.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186683.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186683.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186683.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186683.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 8071                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              406953187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 8327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             48871.524799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.008802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.991198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.433628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.566372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3110347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3110347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1702698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1702698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4813045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        4813045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4813045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       4813045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        28798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        28798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3393316619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3393316619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2314817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2314817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3395631436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3395631436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3395631436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3395631436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3139116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3139116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1702727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1702727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4841843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4841843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4841843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4841843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117950.454274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117950.454274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 79821.275862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79821.275862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117912.057643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117912.057643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117912.057643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117912.057643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1530                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20727                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    877945185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    877945185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       593965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       593965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    878539150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878539150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    878539150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878539150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108899.179484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108899.179484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65996.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65996.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108851.338124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108851.338124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108851.338124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108851.338124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              574.352594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1032147603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1779564.832759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.231613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.120980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.053256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.920437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1190838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1190838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1190838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1190838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1190838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9257444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9257444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9257444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9257444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9257444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9257444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1190885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1190885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1190885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 196966.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196966.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 196966.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196966.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 196966.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196966.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7391125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7391125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7391125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7391125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7391125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7391125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 199760.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199760.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 199760.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199760.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 199760.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199760.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 8074                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406956474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             48854.318607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   110.996543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   145.003457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3112637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3112637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1703637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1703637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          891                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4816274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4816274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4816274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4816274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        28649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        28649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3376304716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3376304716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3053029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3053029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3379357745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3379357745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3379357745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3379357745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3141256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3141256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1703667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1703667                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          891                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4844923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4844923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4844923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4844923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117974.237954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117974.237954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101767.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101767.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117957.267095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117957.267095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117957.267095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117957.267095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    878998898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878998898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       813024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       813024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    879811922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    879811922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    879811922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    879811922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108989.323993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108989.323993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        90336                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90336                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108968.531335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108968.531335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108968.531335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108968.531335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
