
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009420                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9419593818                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522028796706                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 402416                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   514066                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 244067                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38594.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15530962164                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19840033486                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       407168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       238592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       164352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       411392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       131456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       169344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       342528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       420864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       227584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       240000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       219648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       243712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       339328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       138368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       168832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       169984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4104832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1127296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1127296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8807                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8807                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       489193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     43225643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       407661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     25329330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       502782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17447886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       475604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     43674070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       448427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13955591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       529959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     17977845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       489193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36363351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       502782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     44679634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       462016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24160702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       394072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     25478806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       462016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23318203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       394072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25872878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       489193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36023634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       489193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14689381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       529959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17923490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       543548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     18045789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               435775903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       489193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       407661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       502782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       475604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       448427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       529959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       489193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       502782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       462016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       394072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       462016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       394072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       489193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       489193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       529959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       543548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7609670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         119675649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              119675649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         119675649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       489193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     43225643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       407661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     25329330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       502782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17447886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       475604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     43674070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       448427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13955591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       529959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     17977845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       489193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36363351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       502782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     44679634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       462016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24160702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       394072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     25478806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       462016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23318203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       394072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25872878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       489193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36023634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       489193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14689381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       529959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17923490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       543548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     18045789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              555451551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1758592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1586439                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93956                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665071                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627602                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4150                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18623359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11059267                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1758592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       724341                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2186889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        295719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       438709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1070855                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94255                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21448413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19261524     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          78111      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160459      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66531      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362914      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         322945      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62804      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130797      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1002328      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21448413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077852                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489587                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18516555                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       546931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2178557                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199206                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154584                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12967593                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1457                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199206                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18536171                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        390075                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        96678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2167531                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        58746                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12960043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          310                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15221624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61037661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61037661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1748887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1508                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          149364                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3055293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14015                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        73893                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12933126                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1512                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12425563                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6909                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1014599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2439739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21448413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17034515     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1321972      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084218      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467844      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594995      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575834      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       326955      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25897      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16183      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21448413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31490     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244772     86.36%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7160      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7797999     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108405      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977770     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540645     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12425563                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550073                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283422                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022810                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46589870                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13949585                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12317290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12708985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120950                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10221                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199206                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        357615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16467                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12934653                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3055293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54180                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110111                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12337408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967567                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1616229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546170                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12317760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12317290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6653092                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13114656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545279                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1184398                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        95783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21249207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16988080     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555099      7.32%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729761      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       721014      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195583      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838224      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62851      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45530      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113065      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21249207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       113065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34071965                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26070937                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                409837                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1140542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.258895                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.258895                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.442694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.442694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60985711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14307150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15434080                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1702611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1528081                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       136147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1161492                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1136029                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4025                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18139802                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              9684323                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1702611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1233157                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2160943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        451129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       271216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1097704                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20886214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.752668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18725271     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         338225      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         160392      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         333632      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          98649      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         311355      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          46242      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          73872      0.35%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         798576      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20886214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075374                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.428719                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17859698                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       555654                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2156549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1778                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       312531                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       153534                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1723                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     10774861                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4197                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       312531                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17890918                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        353003                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       110053                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2128905                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        90800                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     10757412                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        76242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     14035253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     48654911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     48654911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     11328506                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2706727                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          709                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          183986                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1997258                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       300242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2766                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        67378                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         10700720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10002912                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1972378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4052010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20886214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.478924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16487968     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1368723      6.55%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1498012      7.17%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       862563      4.13%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431591      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107795      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124203      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2953      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2406      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20886214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16094     56.83%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6799     24.01%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5429     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7808907     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74805      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1821262     18.21%     97.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297260      2.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10002912                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.442823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40926847                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12674522                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9747154                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10031234                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412944                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7618                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       312531                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        223729                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11230                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10702121                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1997258                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3643                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91875                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51911                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       143786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9879657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1796147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       123255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2093369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1507251                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           297222                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.437367                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              9749688                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             9747154                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         5910908                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        12642883                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.431501                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.467528                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7784261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      8715031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1987558                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       135130                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20573683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17353819     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247746      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       818905      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254136      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433770      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80502      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51433      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46097      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287275      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20573683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      7784261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      8715031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1876933                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1584309                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1341965                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         7600937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       104195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       287275                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           30988971                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          21717979                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                408429                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1702741                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           7784261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             8715031                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      7784261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.901875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.901875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.344605                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.344605                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       46006087                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      12648475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11529849                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1863599                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183856                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763750                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731600                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191311                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17935370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10423173                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1863599                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       922911                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2173617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        504318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       419214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1098974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183968                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     20846297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18672680     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         100697      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         159952      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         216917      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         224551      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         189078      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         106119      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         158849      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1017454      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     20846297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082500                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17752771                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       603575                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2169534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2542                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       317872                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       306568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12791711                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1337                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       317872                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17801498                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        128286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       363740                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2124054                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       110844                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12786998                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        14813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        48482                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17838419                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     59484148                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     59484148                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15416539                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2421880                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3065                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1548                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          333181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1198851                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       647124                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7539                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       212753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12770732                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3074                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12107650                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1799                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1446901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3485522                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20846297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15679666     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2159118     10.36%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082919      5.19%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       789019      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       624332      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255670      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160359      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83907      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11307      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20846297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2289     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7798     38.01%     49.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10430     50.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10184132     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180817      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1515      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1096278      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644908      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12107650                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.535999                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20517                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45083913                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14220763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11924039                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12128167                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23753                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       197374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10053                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       317872                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        102997                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11351                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12773826                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1198851                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647124                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1550                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106117                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104076                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       210193                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11939066                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1030741                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1675597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1695244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           644856                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.528536                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11924162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11924039                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6845032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        18456670                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527870                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.370870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8986821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11058044                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1715791                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3053                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       185959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20528425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15954297     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2286403     11.14%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845872      4.12%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       402830      1.96%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364924      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196358      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156977      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78053      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242711      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20528425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8986821                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11058044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1638548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1001477                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1594588                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9963120                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       227682                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       242711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33059484                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25865554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                273799                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1742658                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8986821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11058044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8986821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.513565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.513565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.397841                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.397841                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       53727182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16610857                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11852333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3048                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1757849                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1585826                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94220                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       659162                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96712                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4143                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18624633                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11054889                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1757849                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       723730                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2185420                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        296137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       436495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1071001                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94497                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     21446126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       19260706     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          77582      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         160424      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          66550      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         362468      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         322865      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          62752      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         131055      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1001724      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     21446126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077819                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489394                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18517223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       545368                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2177037                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7154                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       199338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       154432                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12961344                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1480                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       199338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18537035                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        387833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        96886                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2165901                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        59127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12953298                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        24820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        21585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          572                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15215383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     61004171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     61004171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13463101                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1752282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          150116                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3054455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1544114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13839                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        74526                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12926052                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1517                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12419451                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6756                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1012921                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2435165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21446126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17032755     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1321919      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085516      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468277      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       593733      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       574976      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327096      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25551      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16303      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21446126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31294     11.05%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244721     86.42%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7152      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7793006     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108337      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          743      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977129     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540236     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12419451                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549802                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022800                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46574951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13940832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12310860                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702618                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22163                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10197                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       199338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        355297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16560                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12927582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3054455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11182                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54154                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56134                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       110288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12330831                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2966920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4506980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1615526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1540060                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.545879                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12311354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12310860                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6649467                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13099802                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.544995                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507601                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11744511                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1184347                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        96066                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21246788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16987560     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1554736      7.32%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729423      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720738      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195416      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       837744      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62727      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45583      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112861      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21246788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9994403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11744511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4467625                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2933708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1550973                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10443432                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       113655                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       112861                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           34062759                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          26057090                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                410119                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1142829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9994403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11744511                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9994403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.260161                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.260161                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60954982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14301412                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15428988                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2046896                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1704317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187988                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776653                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746159                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219825                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8675                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17796106                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11232081                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2046896                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       965984                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2340344                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        525045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       596198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1107058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179494                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     21067996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       18727652     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         143051      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         180123      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         287766      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         121079      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         155180      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         181290      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          82980      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1188875      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     21067996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090615                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497238                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17690387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       712429                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2328926                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       335063                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       311285                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13728447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       335063                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17709151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         57675                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       603578                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2311295                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        51227                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13641933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         7335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        35645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19049882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63434714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63434714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15897190                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3152664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1710                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          180757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1280160                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       667106                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7594                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       152167                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13317548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12762134                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1644376                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3365468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21067996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15662558     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2464063     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1008123      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       564654      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766148      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236044      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231868      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124461      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10077      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21067996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88124     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12120     10.85%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11410     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10751214     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174266      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1170367      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664710      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12762134                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.564972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111654                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008749                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46717405                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14965300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12426583                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12873788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9557                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246876                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10364                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       335063                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         43872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13320855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1280160                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667106                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1710                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4842                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       216815                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12537820                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1150442                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       224314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1815051                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1772059                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           664609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555042                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12426691                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12426583                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7446257                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20009461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550118                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9248967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11396882                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1923986                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       189362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20732933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15907108     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2446339     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888424      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442903      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403646      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169540      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168611      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79860      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226502      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20732933                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9248967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11396882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1690021                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1033282                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1651773                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10261106                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       235373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       226502                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           33827234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          26976829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                272527                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1520959                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9248967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11396882                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9248967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.442322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.442322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.409446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.409446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56411459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17364402                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12694507                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22588931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1862859                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524577                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183844                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       760324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731156                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191620                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8333                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17923670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10417703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1862859                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       922776                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2173161                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        503660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       421860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1098509                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183918                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     20836136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18662975     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         100782      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         160585      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         217021      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         224305      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         189577      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         105542      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         158357      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1016992      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     20836136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082468                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461186                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17740987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       606352                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2168961                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2615                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       317218                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       306105                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12784181                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       317218                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17789878                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        128223                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       366264                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2123299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       111251                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12779031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        15098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        48489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17831103                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     59446574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     59446574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15419716                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2411251                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1630                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          335140                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1197961                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       646818                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7608                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       214037                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12762827                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12105302                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1437900                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3454884                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20836136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15668841     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2160642     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1083165      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       788120      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       624207      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255593      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160764      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83839      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10965      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20836136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2555     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7825     38.34%     50.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10030     49.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10182114     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180800      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1516      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1096280      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644592      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12105302                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.535895                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20410                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45068975                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14203943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11921746                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12125712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       196280                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       317218                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        102787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11284                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12766008                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1197961                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646818                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1631                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9572                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106199                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104110                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       210309                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11936790                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1031311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168512                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1675846                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1695270                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           644535                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11921873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11921746                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6845549                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18453024                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370972                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8988751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11060321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1705601                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3058                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       185948                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20518918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15943109     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2287852     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845476      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403822      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364632      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196341      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156795      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78080      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242811      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20518918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8988751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11060321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1638890                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1001672                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1594887                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9965203                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       227726                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       242811                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           33041964                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25849176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                273724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1752795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8988751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11060321                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8988751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.513022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.513022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.397927                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.397927                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       53719476                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16608770                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11847090                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1833333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1499797                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       751964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         720406                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17777880                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10406450                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1833333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       908178                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2179485                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        526947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       317962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1094866                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20617568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18438083     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         118211      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         185282      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         297270      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         122714      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         137321      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         146785      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          95907      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1075995      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20617568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081161                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460688                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17613045                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       484486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2172334                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5727                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       341973                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       299953                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          271                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12707242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       341973                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17641156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        152114                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       251700                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2150570                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        80052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12698436                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4759                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17625054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     59068955                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     59068955                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15007426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2617628                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3261                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          239490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1212323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       650112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19210                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       147195                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12678751                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3274                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11984086                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1634692                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3659797                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          343                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20617568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15568469     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2024893      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107767      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       754180      3.66%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       708252      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203606      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159645      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53837      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36919      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20617568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2868     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9162     39.94%     52.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10912     47.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10039567     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189433      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1451      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107543      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646092      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11984086                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22942                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001914                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44623920                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14316868                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11788198                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12007028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221622                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20339                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          770                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       341973                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        105038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10601                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12682050                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1212323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       650112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1810                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7775                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104721                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103928                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       208649                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11811477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041766                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1687541                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1660688                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           645775                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11788404                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11788198                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6892871                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18018238                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382550                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8816034                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10806165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1875914                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2931                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       184328                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20275595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15886940     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2126384     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828672      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       443667      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333839      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       185959      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       116156      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102475      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251503      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20275595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8816034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10806165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1620474                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              990701                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1551106                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9737218                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       219521                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       251503                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           32706106                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25706167                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                288870                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1971387                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8816034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10806165                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8816034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.562258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.562258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       53260326                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16339763                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11849249                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1757072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1585173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       652998                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         626640                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96681                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4160                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18612281                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11050268                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1757072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       723321                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2184130                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        294676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       440005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1070025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94087                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     21434982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       19250852     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          77577      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         159728      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          66342      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         362612      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         322915      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          62516      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         131299      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1001141      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     21434982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18503889                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       549815                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2175852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7093                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       198327                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       154362                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12956059                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1458                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       198327                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18523781                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        392644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        96510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2164531                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        59183                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12948254                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        24899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        21618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          346                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15206140                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     60982920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     60982920                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     13463580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1742526                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1511                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          150617                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3053581                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1544026                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14008                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        74951                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12921231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1515                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12415685                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6793                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1010003                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2427674                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21434982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17024132     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1320855      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084346      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467521      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594113      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       574953      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327284      1.53%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25570      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16208      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21434982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31459     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244705     86.38%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7128      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7790060     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108291      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          743      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2976436     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540155     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12415685                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.549635                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283292                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022817                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46556435                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13933095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12308266                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12698977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22229                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       119840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10092                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       198327                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        359689                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12922764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3053581                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544026                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11279                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53948                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55808                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       109756                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12327867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2966316                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4506332                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1615100                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1540016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.545748                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12308715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12308266                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6647629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13100606                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.544880                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994675                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11744843                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1179139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        95615                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21236655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16977879     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1554386      7.32%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729293      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720429      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195596      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       837821      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62645      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45623      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112983      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21236655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9994675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11744843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4467672                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2933738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1551017                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10443734                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       113662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       112983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           34047628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          26046352                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                409482                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1153973                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9994675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11744843                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9994675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.260099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.260099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.442458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.442458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60942656                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14295670                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15424029                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1833251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1504018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182131                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774147                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716380                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187263                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8047                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17553242                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10421975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1833251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       903643                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2292867                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        513988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       589833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1082463                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180638                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     20764894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18472027     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         246740      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         288639      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         157766      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         184308      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         100339      0.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          67861      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         176725      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1070489      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     20764894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081157                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17411956                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       734250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2274782                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        16853                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       327050                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       296473                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1902                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12720178                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         9992                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       327050                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17438119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        222608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       436491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2266459                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        74164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12711819                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        18738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        35083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17670163                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     59189567                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     59189567                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15097164                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2572994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1948                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          202275                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1214109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       660410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17813                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       145187                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12692678                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3429                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11996671                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15354                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1576109                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3648129                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          463                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20764894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15706857     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2036722      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092613      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756360      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661626      3.19%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337130      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81165      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52869      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39552      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20764894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2979     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11165     43.17%     54.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11721     45.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10044929     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187587      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1469      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107191      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       655495      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11996671                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531086                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25865                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44799455                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14272346                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11799638                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12022536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30613                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       213666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13057                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          735                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       327050                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        180059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12696124                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1214109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1948                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8581                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105642                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       207738                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11820455                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041363                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176216                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1696671                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1654196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           655308                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523285                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11799933                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11799638                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7015412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18373161                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522363                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381829                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8866417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     10877082                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1819208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2966                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       183050                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20437844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15994502     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2060313     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863739      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518353      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359388      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232309      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120992      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96801      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191447      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20437844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8866417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     10877082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1647793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1000440                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1556560                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9806093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       221187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       191447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           32942622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25719650                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                270902                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1824061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8866417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            10877082                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8866417                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.547698                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.547698                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392511                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392511                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       53326054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16379721                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      11873452                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         2962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1703831                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1529332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135443                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1153783                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1136055                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97081                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3995                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18132814                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              9693571                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1703831                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1233136                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2162220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        450376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       273015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1096977                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     20882252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18720032     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         338490      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         160330      0.77%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         334025      1.60%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          98297      0.47%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         311073      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          46280      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          74214      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         799511      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     20882252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075428                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.429129                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17858117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       552041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2157886                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       312481                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       153552                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1722                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     10783399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4212                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       312481                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17888810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        350828                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       109929                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2130450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        89750                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     10766216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        75199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     14047882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     48692345                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     48692345                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     11335548                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2712314                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          709                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          182607                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1997985                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       300756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2691                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        67141                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         10709813                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1390                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        10010432                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6484                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1976085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4059291                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20882252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16482417     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1366339      6.54%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1500767      7.19%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       864366      4.14%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       430446      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107737      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124772      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2904      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2504      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20882252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16066     56.79%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6801     24.04%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5421     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7813790     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74852      0.75%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1823264     18.21%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297848      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     10010432                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.443156                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28288                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002826                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40937888                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12687322                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9755529                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     10038720                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7577                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       411889                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       312481                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        223681                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10711211                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          392                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1997985                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          707                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          223                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91318                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51936                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       143254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9888484                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1798577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       121948                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2096402                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1508472                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           297825                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.437757                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              9757972                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             9755529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         5915285                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        12647438                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.431872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.467706                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7790223                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      8720993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1990666                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       134428                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20569771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17348402     84.34%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247653      6.07%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819916      3.99%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254487      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433745      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80350      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51251      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45925      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288042      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20569771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      7790223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      8720993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1878719                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1586091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1342953                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         7605915                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       104197                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       288042                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           30993362                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          21736081                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                408233                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1706703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           7790223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             8720993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      7790223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.899654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.899654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.344869                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.344869                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       46047797                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      12659255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      11541678                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1834509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1504160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182835                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       771052                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         715938                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187853                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8111                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17553661                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10435788                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1834509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       903791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2295015                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        518476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       575495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1083558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181297                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20756881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18461866     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         247724      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         286818      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         158084      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         183637      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         100585      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          68004      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         177830      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1072333      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20756881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081213                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461986                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17411749                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       720564                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2276886                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        16877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       330802                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       297539                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1909                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12740265                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        10045                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       330802                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17438377                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        222442                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       422120                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2268095                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        75042                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12731410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        19205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        35345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17692873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     59281510                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     59281510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15080449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2612381                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3455                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1985                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          204102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1218635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       662006                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       145704                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12711578                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12005263                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16560                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1605405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3714245                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          497                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20756881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15697506     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2035935      9.81%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092943      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756460      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662304      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338025      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81011      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52921      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39776      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20756881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2981     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11611     44.09%     55.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11742     44.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10048918     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187581      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1468      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1110377      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656919      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12005263                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531466                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26334                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002194                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44810297                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14320571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11804133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12031597                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219283                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           76                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          131                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15356                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       330802                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        180092                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12140                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12715059                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1218635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662006                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          131                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105840                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102721                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       208561                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11826615                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042566                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1699260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1653818                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           656694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523557                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11804395                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11804133                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7016403                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        18382745                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522562                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8856603                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10865109                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1850037                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2963                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       183774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20426079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15987851     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2058095     10.08%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863232      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517187      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358803      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231426      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       121131      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96971      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191383      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20426079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8856603                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10865109                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1645998                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              999352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1554862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9795319                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       220961                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       191383                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           32949777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25761142                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                271716                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1832074                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8856603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10865109                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8856603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.550521                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.550521                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392077                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392077                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       53348351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16384248                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11888444                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         2960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1702080                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527604                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135950                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1162687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1135674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97346                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18136709                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              9680825                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1702080                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1233020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2160204                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        450259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       271696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1097337                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     20882193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.752545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       18721989     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         338103      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         160195      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         333632      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          98439      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         311392      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          46243      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          74186      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         798014      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     20882193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075350                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.428565                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17860819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       551975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2155761                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1776                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       311858                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       153420                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1726                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     10771168                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4229                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       311858                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17891700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        350874                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       109731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2128216                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        89810                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     10753475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        75218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     14029935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     48636274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     48636274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     11328414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2701501                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          709                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          182321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1996542                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       300268                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2754                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        67430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         10696823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10001917                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6514                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1968887                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4039840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20882193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.478969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16484530     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1367793      6.55%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1499122      7.18%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       862053      4.13%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431337      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107559      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124437      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2940      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2422      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20882193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16087     56.85%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6785     23.98%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5423     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7807357     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74763      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1821800     18.21%     97.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297319      2.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10001917                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.442779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28295                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40920836                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12667131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9746387                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10030212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412252                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7643                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       311858                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        223392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10698223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1996542                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300268                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3589                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          240                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51718                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       143622                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9879142                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1796567                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2093855                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1507085                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           297288                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.437344                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              9748952                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             9746387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         5910082                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        12638603                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.431467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.467621                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7784181                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      8714951                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1983750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       134928                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20570335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17350504     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247860      6.07%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       818753      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254413      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433433      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80577      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51226      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46179      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287390      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20570335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      7784181                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      8714951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1876910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1584285                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1341951                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         7600871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       104195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       287390                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           30981620                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          21709545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                408552                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1706762                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           7784181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             8714951                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      7784181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.901905                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.901905                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.344601                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.344601                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       46003987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      12647488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      11526583                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1832783                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1498952                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       755213                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         720888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188086                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17778657                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10401039                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1832783                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       908974                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2177491                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        525709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       320871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1094751                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181882                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     20618117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18440626     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         117537      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         185530      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         296465      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         122867      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         137392      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         147023      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          95871      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1074806      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     20618117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081136                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460448                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17614877                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       486280                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2170447                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         5683                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       340827                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       300236                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12697657                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       340827                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17642642                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        152041                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       254684                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2148900                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        79020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12689123                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        21178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        30193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4390                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17613437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     59024367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     59024367                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15007644                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2605791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3226                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          238066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1209374                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       650069                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19193                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       147477                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12669880                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3236                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11982843                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15006                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1624067                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3620696                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          306                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20618117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15568734     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2025499      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107725      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755066      3.66%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       707262      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203340      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159559      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53862      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37070      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20618117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2896     12.85%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8715     38.68%     51.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10921     48.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10038237     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189480      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1451      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107664      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646011      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11982843                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530474                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22532                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44621341                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14297337                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11787450                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12005375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35912                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          779                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       340827                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        104336                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12673135                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1209374                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       650069                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7850                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105069                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       208599                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11810340                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1687436                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1661128                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           645673                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522837                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11787685                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11787450                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6891696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        18006489                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521824                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382734                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8816156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     10806308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1866865                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2930                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       184230                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20277290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15887728     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2126502     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828826      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444550      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333549      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186960      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115640      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102612      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       250923      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20277290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8816156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     10806308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1620486                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              990711                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1551132                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9737339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       219522                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       250923                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           32699475                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25687204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                288940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1970838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8816156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            10806308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8816156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.562223                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.562223                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390286                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390286                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       53258726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16338849                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      11844133                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         2926                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2045929                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1703580                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187250                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       780445                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         745769                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219770                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8700                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17787367                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11226716                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2045929                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       965539                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2338366                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        523314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       608228                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1106055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179008                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     21068304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18729938     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         142667      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         180133      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         287605      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         120314      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         154215      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         181643      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          82905      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1188884      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     21068304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17681790                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       724075                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2327147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1222                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       334062                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       311031                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13723536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1600                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       334062                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17700271                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         58604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       614709                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2309856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        50795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13638818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         7438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        35181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19047142                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63421656                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63421656                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15898781                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3148353                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          178957                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1279016                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       667298                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       151830                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13312442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12758714                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1638993                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3357676                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21068304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15663430     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2464932     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1006245      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       565948      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765277      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236797      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231263      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124519      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9893      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21068304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88395     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12040     10.76%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11414     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10747225     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174126      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1170840      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664946      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12758714                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.564821                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111849                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008766                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46711451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14954830                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12424203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12870563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9685                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245633                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10504                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       334062                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         44727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13315763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10401                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1279016                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667298                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4882                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105925                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       216232                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12535781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       222933                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1815952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1771402                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           664823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.554952                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12424300                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12424203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7443706                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20004753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550012                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372097                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9249864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11397984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1917826                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       188637                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20734242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15908855     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2445832     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       888365      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442429      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404026      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169840      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168217      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79895      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226783      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20734242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9249864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11397984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1690177                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1033383                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1651943                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10262082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       235392                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       226783                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33823204                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          26965696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                271900                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1520651                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9249864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11397984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9249864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.442085                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.442085                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.409486                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.409486                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       56405430                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17360487                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12689659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22588951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1862704                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183693                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8350                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17922984                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10415803                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1862704                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       923009                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2173305                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        503056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       420286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1098305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20833560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18660255     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         100802      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         161235      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         217025      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         224077      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         190151      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         105643      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         157596      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1016776      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20833560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082461                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461102                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17740764                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       604321                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2169214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2502                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       316756                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       305937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12780855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       316756                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17789563                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        127312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       365416                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2123629                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       110881                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12775825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        14939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        48457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17826251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     59431038                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     59431038                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15420763                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2405488                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1634                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          334008                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1197471                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       646751                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7599                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       271786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12760169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3163                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12103195                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1834                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1434125                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3450647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          104                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20833560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15621443     74.98%     74.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2215331     10.63%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1099974      5.28%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       771328      3.70%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       614805      2.95%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255288      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160434      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83988      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10969      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20833560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2576     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7747     38.07%     50.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10024     49.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10180456     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180809      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1516      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1095941      9.05%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644473      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12103195                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.535802                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45062131                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14197518                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11920505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12123542                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24252                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195723                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       316756                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        102064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11256                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12763355                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1197471                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646751                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1635                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9528                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106359                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103819                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       210178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11935828                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1031525                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1675942                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1695275                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           644417                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528392                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11920631                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11920505                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6845330                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18448362                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527714                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371054                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8989345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11061064                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1702304                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3059                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       185797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20516804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15902755     77.51%     77.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324684     11.33%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       842241      4.11%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404448      1.97%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       387071      1.89%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197508      0.96%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       141684      0.69%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78678      0.38%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       237735      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20516804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8989345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11061064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1639014                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1001748                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1594992                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9965872                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       227741                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       237735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33042372                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25843507                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                273672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1755391                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8989345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11061064                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8989345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.512858                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.512858                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.397953                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.397953                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       53715619                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16606841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11844971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22588955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1861782                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1523525                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       766215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         730887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192110                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8366                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17924886                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10411433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1861782                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       922997                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2171952                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        502088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       421421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1098300                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183662                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20834244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18662292     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         100835      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         160794      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         217039      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         223312      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         189645      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         106343      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         158278      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1015706      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20834244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082420                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460908                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17743270                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       604886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2167811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2518                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       315756                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       306045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12774595                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       315756                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17791748                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        126394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       367556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2122524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       110263                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12769613                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        14866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        48171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17820357                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     59402301                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     59402301                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15423790                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2396532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1655                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          332048                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1196093                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       646851                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       236331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12753867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12103831                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1424382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3419889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          127                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20834244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15649683     75.12%     75.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2182481     10.48%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088576      5.22%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       782069      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       620467      2.98%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255631      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160508      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83712      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11117      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20834244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2534     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7486     37.33%     49.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10035     50.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10180174     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180700      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1516      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1096829      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644612      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12103831                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.535830                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20055                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45063811                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14181498                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11920631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12123886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24439                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       194172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9489                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       315756                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        101099                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12757074                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1196093                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646851                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1658                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106515                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       210045                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11935756                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1031611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1676165                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1695251                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           644554                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.528389                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11920755                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11920631                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6844645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18443094                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527719                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8991060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11063156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1693914                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3059                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       185830                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20518488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15927144     77.62%     77.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2301917     11.22%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       844573      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404642      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       372758      1.82%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197393      0.96%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       150987      0.74%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78344      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       240730      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20518488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8991060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11063156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1639283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1001921                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1595308                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9967733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       227779                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       240730                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33034763                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25829922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                273653                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1754711                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8991060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11063156                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8991060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.512380                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.512380                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.398029                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.398029                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       53716635                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16608443                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11840971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          32081                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.812283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1288610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          64846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.871850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           274.752978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.600998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1431.386427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.147032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   843.692949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.562048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   569.211900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.153470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1452.085257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.645262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   458.430128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.965140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   580.860757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.669162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1130.291083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.069145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1466.537094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.300177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   798.131601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.005302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   834.294768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.206504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   778.562046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.798101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   851.878343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.046764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1108.703338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.404512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   483.317268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.511806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   577.893267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.093259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   586.454698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1460.488681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1211.443881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           940.585123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1429.500233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           804.206607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           931.603753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1312.709423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1359.348881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1142.858319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1187.618017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1224.008975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1199.020516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1344.879820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           755.860981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           936.567270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           932.449221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.043682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.025747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.017371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.044314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.013990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.017726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.034494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.044755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.024357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.025461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.023760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.025997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.033835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.014750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.017636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.017897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.044571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.036970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.028704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.043625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.024542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.028430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.040061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.041484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.034877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.036243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.036591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.041042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.023067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.028582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.028456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   49740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            15349                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 15349                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    49919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2467                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3762                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4003                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3166                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3112                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3788                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2430                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   49919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2676                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3288                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2651                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32070                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5549316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    482269974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4614397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    280773910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5714979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    193107357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5205006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    486463188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5012930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154919324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6021511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    199474299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5450519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    404056220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5581189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    498918318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5276972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    267962410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4382130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    282250300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5046977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    258675830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4353131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    285310637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5379096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    402045248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5473389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    163900348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6055413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    199595961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6191059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200447444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4845478782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       303161                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       155327                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        458488                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5549316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    482269974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4614397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    280773910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5714979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    193107357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5205006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    486463188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5012930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154919324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6021511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    199474299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5450519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    404056220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5581189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    498918318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5276972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    267962410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4382130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    282553461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5046977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    258831157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4353131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    285310637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5379096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    402045248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5473389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    163900348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6055413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    199595961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6191059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200447444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4845937270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5549316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    482269974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4614397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    280773910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5714979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    193107357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5205006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    486463188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5012930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154919324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6021511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    199474299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5450519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    404056220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5581189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    498918318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5276972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    267962410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4382130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    282553461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5046977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    258831157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4353131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    285310637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5379096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    402045248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5473389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    163900348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6055413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    199595961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6191059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200447444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4845937270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               81807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15349                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             15349                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                81989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               81989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.374297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.307508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.416563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.451338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.376029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.381487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.412671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.391984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.016484                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.306317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.415657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.450967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.381029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.411710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.319728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.391150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.306317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.415657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.450967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.381029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.411710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.319728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.391150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154147.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151609.548570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153813.233333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150629.780043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154458.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150395.137850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148714.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151357.556938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151906.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150699.731518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154397.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150774.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151403.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150992.608371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150842.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151739.147810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155205.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150710.016873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151107.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150694.233849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148440.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150831.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150107.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149848.023634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149419.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151657.958506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152038.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151619.193340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       155267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151323.700531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154776.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150939.340361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151104.836187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151580.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       155327                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152829.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154147.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151609.548570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153813.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150629.780043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154458.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150395.137850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148714.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151357.556938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151906.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150699.731518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154397.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150774.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151403.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150992.608371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150842.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151739.147810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155205.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150710.016873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151107.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150695.179200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148440.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150834.007576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150107.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149848.023634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149419.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151657.958506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152038.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151619.193340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       155267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151323.700531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154776.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150939.340361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151104.997505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154147.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151609.548570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153813.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150629.780043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154458.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150395.137850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148714.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151357.556938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151906.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150699.731518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154397.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150774.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151403.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150992.608371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150842.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151739.147810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155205.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150710.016873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151107.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150695.179200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148440.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150834.007576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150107.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149848.023634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149419.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151657.958506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152038.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151619.193340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       155267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151323.700531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154776.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150939.340361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151104.997505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3459629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    297073172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2870188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    172214435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3564846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118342842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3170746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    299364758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3095116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     95112878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3756683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122437481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3352028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    248257602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3429587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    307502483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3299161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    164406738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2697199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    173141879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3071342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    158813446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2665603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    174383082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3285150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    247714168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3378472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    100964072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3791798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    122796769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3867548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    123109713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2978390614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       186481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        96785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       283266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3459629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    297073172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2870188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    172214435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3564846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118342842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3170746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    299364758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3095116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     95112878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3756683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122437481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3352028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    248257602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3429587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    307502483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3299161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    164406738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2697199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    173328360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3071342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    158910231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2665603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    174383082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3285150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    247714168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3378472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    100964072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3791798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    122796769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3867548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    123109713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2978673880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3459629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    297073172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2870188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    172214435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3564846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118342842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3170746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    299364758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3095116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     95112878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3756683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122437481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3352028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    248257602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3429587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    307502483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3299161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    164406738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2697199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    173328360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3071342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    158910231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2665603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    174383082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3285150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    247714168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3378472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    100964072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3791798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    122796769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3867548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    123109713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2978673880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.374297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.307508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.353460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.416563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.451338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.360722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.376029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.381487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.412671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.352391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.391984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.306317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.415657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.450967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.381029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.411710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.319728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.391150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.306317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.415657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.450967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.381029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.411710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.319728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.391150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96100.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93389.868595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95672.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92389.718348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96347.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92167.322430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90592.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93143.981954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93791.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92522.254864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96325.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92545.337113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93111.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92771.899103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92691.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93522.652981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97034.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92467.231721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93006.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92440.939135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90333.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92602.592420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91917.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91587.753151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91254.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93441.783478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93846.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93398.771508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97225.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93098.384382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96688.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92703.097139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92880.238688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93240.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        96785                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94422                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96100.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93389.868595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95672.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92389.718348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96347.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92167.322430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90592.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93143.981954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93791.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92522.254864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96325.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92545.337113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93111.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92771.899103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92691.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93522.652981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97034.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92467.231721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93006.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92441.792000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90333.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92605.029720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91917.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91587.753151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91254.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93441.783478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93846.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93398.771508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97225.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93098.384382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96688.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92703.097139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92880.382912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96100.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93389.868595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95672.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92389.718348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96347.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92167.322430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 90592.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93143.981954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93791.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92522.254864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96325.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92545.337113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93111.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92771.899103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92691.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93522.652981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97034.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92467.231721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93006.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92441.792000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90333.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92605.029720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91917.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91587.753151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 91254.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93441.783478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93846.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93398.771508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97225.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93098.384382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96688.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92703.097139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92880.382912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              572.246688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001078696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1725997.751724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.520429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.726259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1070806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1070806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1070806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1070806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1070806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8203118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8203118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8203118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8203118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8203118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8203118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1070855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1070855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1070855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167410.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167410.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167410.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167410.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167410.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167410.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6418947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6418947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6418947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6418947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6418947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6418947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173485.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173485.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173485.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173485.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173485.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173485.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51990.952255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.781076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.218924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2800084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2800084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        26042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        26042                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3115654897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3115654897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1325197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1325197                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3116980094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3116980094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3116980094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3116980094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119717.767416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119717.767416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 77952.764706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77952.764706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119690.503571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119690.503571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119690.503571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119690.503571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    803154629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803154629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    803539229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    803539229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    803539229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    803539229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110036.255514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110036.255514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109998.525530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109998.525530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109998.525530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109998.525530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              550.344065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              888913514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1593034.971326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.015194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.328871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.038486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1097667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1097667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1097667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1097667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1097667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5881438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5881438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5881438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5881438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5881438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5881438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1097704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1097704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1097704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158957.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158957.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158957.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158957.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158957.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158957.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5082094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5082094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5082094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5082094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5082094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5082094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163938.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163938.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163938.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163938.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163938.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163938.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4986                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              199352931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             38029.937238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   186.294792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    69.705208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.727714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.272286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1649188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1649188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1940403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1940403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1940403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1940403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1934558916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1934558916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2565885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2565885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1937124801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1937124801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1937124801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1937124801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1666874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1666874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1958119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1958119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1958119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1958119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109383.632025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109383.632025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85529.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85529.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109343.237808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109343.237808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109343.237808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109343.237808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        12730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    509437668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509437668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       395168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       395168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    509832836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509832836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    509832836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    509832836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102296.720482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102296.720482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65861.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65861.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102252.875251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102252.875251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102252.875251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102252.875251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              508.892843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              971549293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1890173.721790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.892843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.054315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1098931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1098931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1098931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1098931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1098931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9106355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9106355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9106355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9106355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9106355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9106355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1098974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1098974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1098974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 211775.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211775.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 211775.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211775.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 211775.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211775.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8310215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8310215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8310215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8310215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8310215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8310215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 213082.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213082.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 213082.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213082.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 213082.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 213082.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148003080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36936.131769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   222.451677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    33.548323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.868952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.131048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       754662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       634050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1527                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1527                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1388712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1388712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        11882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        11882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1416823593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1416823593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7216921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7216921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1424040514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1424040514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1424040514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1424040514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       766457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       634137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1527                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1527                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1400594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1400594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120120.694616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120120.694616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82953.114943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82953.114943                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119848.553611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119848.553611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119848.553611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119848.553611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    372372007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372372007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       986986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       986986                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    373358993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    373358993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    373358993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    373358993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99671.308084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99671.308084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65799.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65799.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99535.855239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99535.855239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99535.855239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99535.855239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              571.811100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001078845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1728979.006908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.513204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.297896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1070955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1070955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1070955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1070955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1070955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7240409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7240409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7240409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7240409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7240409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7240409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1071001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1071001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1071001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157400.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157400.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157400.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157400.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157400.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157400.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5993611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5993611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5993611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5993611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5993611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5993611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166489.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166489.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166489.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166489.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166489.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166489.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              393102909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             52025.265881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.788752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.211248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.432769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.567231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2799804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1532380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4332184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4332184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        26007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        26026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        26026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        26026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        26026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3117088132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3117088132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1504112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1504112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3118592244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3118592244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3118592244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3118592244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2825811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2825811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1532399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532399                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4358210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4358210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119855.736225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119855.736225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 79163.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79163.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119826.029509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119826.029509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119826.029509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119826.029509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    804389385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    804389385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       389859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       389859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    804779244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    804779244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    804779244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    804779244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110280.968604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110280.968604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64976.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64976.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110243.732055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110243.732055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110243.732055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110243.732055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              486.889204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              974690573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1989164.434694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    31.889204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1107012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1107012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1107012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1107012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1107012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7263016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7263016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7263016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7263016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7263016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7263016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1107058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1107058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1107058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157891.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157891.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157891.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157891.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157891.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157891.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5736679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5736679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5736679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5736679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5736679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5736679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163905.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163905.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163905.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163905.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163905.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163905.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3355                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              144281914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 3611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             39956.220991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   219.239926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    36.760074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.856406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.143594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       881171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        881171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       653477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1534648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1534648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1534648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1534648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         8634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         8634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    899851649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    899851649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4574647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4574647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    904426296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    904426296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    904426296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    904426296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       889755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       889755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       653527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1543282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1543282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104828.943267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104828.943267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91492.940000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91492.940000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104751.713690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104751.713690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104751.713690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104751.713690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    320578309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320578309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       969754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       969754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321548063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321548063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    321548063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321548063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95895.396051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95895.396051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 74596.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74596.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95812.891240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95812.891240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 95812.891240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95812.891240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.247967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              971548823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1882846.556202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.247967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1098461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1098461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1098461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1098461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1098461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10005215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10005215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10005215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10005215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10005215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10005215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1098509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1098509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1098509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 208441.979167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 208441.979167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 208441.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 208441.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 208441.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 208441.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8442736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8442736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8442736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8442736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8442736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8442736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 205920.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205920.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 205920.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205920.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 205920.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205920.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148003077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36880.906305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   222.481875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    33.518125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.869070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.130930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       754433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       634192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1388625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1388625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        11992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        11992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1431460359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1431460359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7736499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7736499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1439196858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1439196858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1439196858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1439196858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       766337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       634280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1400617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1400617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120250.366179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120250.366179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87914.761364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87914.761364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120013.080220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120013.080220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120013.080220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120013.080220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    377158385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    377158385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1068579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1068579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    378226964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    378226964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    378226964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    378226964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100763.661501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100763.661501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 71238.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71238.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100645.812666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100645.812666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100645.812666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100645.812666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.861932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              977198334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1854266.288425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.861932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1094819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1094819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1094819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1094819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1094819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1094819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7201606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7201606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7201606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7201606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7201606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7201606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1094866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1094866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1094866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1094866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1094866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1094866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153225.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153225.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153225.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153225.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153225.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153225.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5997653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5997653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5997653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5997653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5997653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5997653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162098.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162098.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162098.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162098.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162098.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162098.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6438                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              162699500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             24305.273379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.975217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.024783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.890528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.109472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       757909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        757909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       626734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1384643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1384643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1384643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1384643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        16529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        16529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1956261239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1956261239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6506710                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6506710                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1962767949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1962767949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1962767949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1962767949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       774359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       626813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1768                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1401172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1401172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118921.655866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118921.655866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82363.417722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82363.417722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118746.926553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118746.926553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118746.926553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118746.926553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10091                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10091                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    685467756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    685467756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       930035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       930035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    686397791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    686397791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    686397791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    686397791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106704.196139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106704.196139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66431.071429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66431.071429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106616.618670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106616.618670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106616.618670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106616.618670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              573.530614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001077866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1723025.586919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.084654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.445961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.053020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.866099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1069976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1069976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1069976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1069976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1069976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7813205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7813205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7813205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7813205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7813205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7813205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1070025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1070025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1070025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159453.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159453.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159453.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159453.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 159453.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159453.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6254378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6254378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6254378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6254378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164588.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164588.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164588.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164588.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164588.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164588.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              393102213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             52087.215185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.786619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.213381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.432760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.567240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2799091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1532396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4331487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4331487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4331487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4331487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        26053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        26053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        26053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3140675425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3140675425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1582518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1582518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3142257943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3142257943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3142257943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3142257943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2825124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2825124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1532416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4357540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4357540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4357540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4357540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120642.086006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120642.086006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79125.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79125.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120610.215445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120610.215445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120610.215445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120610.215445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    813740391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    813740391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       389679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       389679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    814130070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    814130070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    814130070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    814130070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111700.808648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111700.808648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64946.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64946.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111662.333013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111662.333013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111662.333013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111662.333013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              512.762386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              972761760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1881550.793037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.762386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1082419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1082419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1082419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1082419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1082419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1082419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7284644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7284644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7284644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7284644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7284644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7284644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1082463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1082463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1082463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1082463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1082463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1082463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165560.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165560.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165560.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165560.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165560.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165560.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5890008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5890008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5890008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5890008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5890008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5890008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168285.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168285.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168285.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168285.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168285.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168285.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              153802086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             29577.324231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   226.514909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    29.485091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.884824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.115176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       759347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        759347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       643759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1605                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1605                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1403106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1403106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1403106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1403106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        17550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        17550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        17550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2162145616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2162145616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48096645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48096645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2210242261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2210242261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2210242261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2210242261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       776476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       776476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       644180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1605                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1420656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1420656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1420656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1420656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126227.194582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126227.194582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114243.812352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114243.812352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125939.729972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125939.729972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125939.729972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125939.729972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1698                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1698                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    500599440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    500599440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1036048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1036048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    501635488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    501635488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    501635488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    501635488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101562.069385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101562.069385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69069.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69069.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101463.488673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101463.488673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101463.488673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101463.488673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              549.118674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              888912791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1595893.700180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.790131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.328543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.036523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1096944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1096944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1096944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1096944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1096944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5334010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5334010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5334010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5334010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5334010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5334010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1096977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1096977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1096977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161636.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161636.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161636.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161636.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161636.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161636.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4796335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4796335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4796335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4796335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4796335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4796335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159877.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159877.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159877.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159877.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159877.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159877.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4987                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              199355134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             38023.103948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.263535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.736465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.719779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.280221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1651387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1651387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1942606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1942606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1942606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1942606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        17746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        17746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1948820197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1948820197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3106784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3106784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1951926981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1951926981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1951926981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1951926981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1669103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1669103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       291249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1960352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1960352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1960352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1960352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110003.397889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110003.397889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103559.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103559.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109992.504283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109992.504283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109992.504283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109992.504283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    511769740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    511769740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       576161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512345901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512345901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    512345901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512345901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102723.753513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102723.753513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 96026.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96026.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102715.697875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102715.697875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102715.697875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102715.697875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              512.977526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              972762853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1881552.907157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.977526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.049643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1083512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1083512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1083512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1083512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1083512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1083512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7181321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7181321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7181321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7181321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7181321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7181321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1083558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1083558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1083558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156115.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156115.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156115.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156115.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156115.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156115.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5654510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5654510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5654510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5654510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5654510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5654510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161557.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161557.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161557.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161557.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161557.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161557.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4959                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              153802682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             29492.364717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   226.534666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    29.465334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.884901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.115099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       760612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       643055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1403667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1403667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1403667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1403667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2165285318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2165285318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     48207008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48207008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2213492326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2213492326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2213492326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2213492326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       777813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       777813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       643476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1641                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1421289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1421289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1421289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1421289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000654                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 125881.362595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125881.362595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114505.957245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114505.957245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 125609.597435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125609.597435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 125609.597435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125609.597435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    496156312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496156312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1169084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1169084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    497325396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497325396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    497325396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497325396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100375.543597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100375.543597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 73067.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73067.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100287.436177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100287.436177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100287.436177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100287.436177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              549.565307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              888913147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1595894.339318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.236236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.329071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.037238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1097300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1097300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1097300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1097300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1097300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5460776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5460776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5460776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5460776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5460776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5460776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1097337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1097337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1097337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147588.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147588.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147588.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147588.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147588.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147588.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4718923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4718923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4718923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4718923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4718923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4718923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157297.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157297.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157297.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157297.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157297.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157297.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              199353386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             37950.387588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   184.276082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    71.723918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.719828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.280172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1649641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1649641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1940856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1940856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1940856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1940856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1948068211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1948068211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2667494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2667494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1950735705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1950735705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1950735705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1950735705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1667372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1667372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1958617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1958617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1958617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1958617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109867.926851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109867.926851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 88916.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88916.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109832.537864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109832.537864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109832.537864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109832.537864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        12764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    513054343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513054343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       397659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       397659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    513452002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513452002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    513452002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513452002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102795.901222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102795.901222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 66276.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66276.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102752.051631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102752.051631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102752.051631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102752.051631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.203183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              977198215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1854266.062619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.203183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.046800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1094700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1094700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1094700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1094700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1094700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1094700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7608459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7608459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7608459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7608459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7608459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7608459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1094751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1094751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1094751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1094751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1094751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1094751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149185.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149185.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149185.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149185.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 149185.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149185.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5868537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5868537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5868537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158609.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158609.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158609.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158609.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158609.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158609.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              162699557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             24301.651531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.039730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.960270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.890780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.109220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       758019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        758019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       626728                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626728                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1463                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1463                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1384747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1384747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1384747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1384747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        16467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        16555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        16555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        16555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        16555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1964031054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1964031054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7321617                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7321617                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1971352671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1971352671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1971352671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1971352671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       774486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       626816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1401302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1401302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119270.726544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119270.726544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83200.193182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83200.193182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119078.989490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119078.989490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119078.989490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119078.989490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    685276078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    685276078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       989431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       989431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    686265509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    686265509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    686265509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    686265509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106674.358344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106674.358344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65962.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65962.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106579.516850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106579.516850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106579.516850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106579.516850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              489.143371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              974689568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1977057.947262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.143371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1106007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1106007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1106007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1106007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1106007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1106007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7842751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7842751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7842751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7842751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7842751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7842751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1106055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1106055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1106055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1106055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1106055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1106055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163390.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163390.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163390.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163390.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163390.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163390.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6314666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6314666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6314666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6314666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6314666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6314666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166175.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166175.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166175.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166175.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166175.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166175.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              144282382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 3637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             39670.712675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   219.080067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    36.919933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.855782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.144218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       881568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        881568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       653534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       653534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1535102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1535102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1535102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1535102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         8744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         8744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    920967684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    920967684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4291747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4291747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    925259431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    925259431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    925259431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    925259431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       890264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       890264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       653582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1696                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1543846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1543846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000073                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105907.047378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105907.047378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89411.395833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89411.395833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105816.494854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105816.494854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105816.494854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105816.494854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    329038580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329038580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       902391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       902391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    329940971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329940971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    329940971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329940971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97695.540380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97695.540380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69414.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69414.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97586.800059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97586.800059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97586.800059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97586.800059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.359333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              971548618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1886502.170874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.359333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.055063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1098256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1098256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1098256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1098256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1098256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10395016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10395016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10395016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10395016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10395016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10395016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1098305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1098305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1098305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 212143.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212143.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 212143.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212143.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 212143.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212143.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9015032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9015032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9015032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9015032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9015032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9015032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 225375.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225375.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 225375.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225375.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 225375.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225375.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148003440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             36871.808670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   222.448754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    33.551246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.868940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.131060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       754743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       634241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1388984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1388984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        11944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        11944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1432746177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1432746177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7698823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7698823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1440445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1440445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1440445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1440445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       766601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       634327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1400928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1400928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120825.280570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120825.280570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89521.197674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89521.197674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120599.882786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120599.882786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120599.882786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120599.882786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    378091925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    378091925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1116854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1116854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    379208779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    379208779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    379208779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    379208779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101013.071066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101013.071066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 74456.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74456.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100907.072645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100907.072645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100907.072645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100907.072645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              510.394869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              971548615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1879204.284333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.394869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1098253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1098253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1098253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1098253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1098253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10295033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10295033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10295033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10295033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10295033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10295033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1098300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1098300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1098300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 219043.255319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219043.255319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 219043.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219043.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 219043.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219043.255319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9284324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9284324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9284324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9284324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9284324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9284324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 221055.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221055.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 221055.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221055.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 221055.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221055.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148003385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36871.794968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   222.444235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    33.555765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.868923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.131077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       754571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       634336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1633                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1388907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1388907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        11946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        11946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1430069356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1430069356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7525432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7525432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1437594788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1437594788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1437594788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1437594788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       766430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       634423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1633                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1400853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1400853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120589.371448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120589.371448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86499.218391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86499.218391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120341.100619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120341.100619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120341.100619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120341.100619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    378927608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    378927608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1117322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1117322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    380044930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380044930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    380044930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380044930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101236.336628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101236.336628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 74488.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74488.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101129.571581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101129.571581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101129.571581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101129.571581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
