
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123116                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123115866045                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               647943459582                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 292664                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   370538                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2053438                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59955.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17546961973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22215945105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4134784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4866560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2616576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1697280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2572416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1699456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1211136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2595456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2631168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4869504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2570240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1694592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2622464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2582016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             40862336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     14073984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          14073984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        38020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        13260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        13277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         9462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        20277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        38043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        20080                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        20488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        20172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                319237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          109953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               109953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33584493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39528293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        38468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21252955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13786038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        34309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20894269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13803712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9835288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        36388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9837367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21081410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21371478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39552205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        35349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20876594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13764205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        38468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21300780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20972244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9835288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               331901463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        38468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        34309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        36388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        38468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        38468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        35349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        38468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             624842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         114314949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              114314949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         114314949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33584493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        41587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39528293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        38468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21252955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        42627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13786038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        34309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20894269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13803712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9835288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        36388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9837367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        38468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21081410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        38468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21371478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39552205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        35349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20876594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13764205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        38468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21300780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20972244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        36388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9835288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              446216412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20746831                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16965763                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8530259                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8178683                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2133900                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89768                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201404208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117762973                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20746831                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10312583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24667049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5900052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9335787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12385414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039352                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239236157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214569108     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1332999      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2105385      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3363363      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1395425      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1555989      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1665788      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1090911      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12157189      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239236157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070271                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398869                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199491862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11262932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24590561                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3828642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3402707                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143796641                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3033                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3828642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199792208                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2256373                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8102017                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24357911                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       899001                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143710363                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        31032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       245969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       332769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        61995                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199495726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668526848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668526848                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29253876                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37032                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2655955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13689519                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7365713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222137                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143524787                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37142                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135840262                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171467                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18170101                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40537331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3936                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239236157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181935232     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23019920      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12568195      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8567747      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8016889      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302316      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797093      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611103      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417662      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239236157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31463     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95171     38.19%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122578     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113792543     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2149470      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12554830      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7326958      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135840262                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.460098                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511337357                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161733525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133664331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136089474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411260                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2453120                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          376                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1527                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       222695                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8465                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3828642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1389348                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143562087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13689519                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7365713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20559                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88879                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1527                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1184399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156661                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2341060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133910829                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11805749                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1929430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 158                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19130844                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7325095                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453563                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133665221                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133664331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78141853                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204154383                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452728                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382759                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20988045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2069423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235407515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185654982     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24094335     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9378371      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5054711      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3782290      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112511      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304973      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164906      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2860436      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235407515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2860436                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          376109041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290954145                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3263946                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              56005729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.952419                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.952419                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338705                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338705                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603867948                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185263794                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134134202                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19921963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17977015                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1040091                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7416267                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7134316                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46115                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211326231                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            125168952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19921963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8233379                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24769447                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3281584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     29733801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12120722                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1044510                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    268046348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      243276901     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         888412      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1809959      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         772695      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4118900      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3666308      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         709955      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1476167      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11327051      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    268046348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067477                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.423954                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      209173446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     31900865                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24678288                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        78728                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2215018                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1748328                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    146773778                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2817                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2215018                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      209444883                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      29684247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1281889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24518015                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       902293                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    146693542                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       468578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       295693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7449                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    172181305                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    690863126                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    690863126                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    152750823                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       19430470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        17019                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8591                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2086240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     34617160                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     17510720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160886                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       852033                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        146413276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17070                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       140728210                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        84530                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11334771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27243392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268046348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217511238     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15428925      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12481121      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5395483      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6741618      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6392302      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3625946      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290784      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178931      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268046348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355077     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2704659     86.17%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78919      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88266913     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1228975      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8426      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33759402     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17464494     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    140728210                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.476654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3138655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552725953                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157768734                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139527414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    143866865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253977                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1343765                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          537                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3624                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113210                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2215018                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      28979000                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       273705                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146430436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34617160                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17510720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8592                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       170383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          123                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3624                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613467                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1220366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139753802                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33647186                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       974408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           51110035                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18312996                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         17462849                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473354                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            139531113                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           139527414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        75369948                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       148770232                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506620                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113379227                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    133239325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13207671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16982                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1062959                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265831330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217330881     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17845345      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8312829      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8179418      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2262976      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9359968      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       710955      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       519070      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1309888      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265831330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    113379227                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    133239325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             50670898                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            33273388                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17595013                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       118481717                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1290564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1309888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          410968100                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         295109215                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4534759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              27195538                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         113379227                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           133239325                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    113379227                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.604021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.604021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.384021                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.384021                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      690904288                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     161999157                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     174768730                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       21688939                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17784566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2125199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9117591                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8477987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2227726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95506                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207172121                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            123229040                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          21688939                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10705713                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27100469                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6017574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     19228111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12762117                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2112567                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    257355970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      230255501     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2926798      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3381184      1.31%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1871799      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2169571      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1189647      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         809489      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2112008      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12639973      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    257355970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      205509029                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     20922867                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        26885356                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       203235                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3835481                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3521988                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        19782                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    150450071                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        97550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3835481                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      205818544                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       7127844                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     12896505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        26787959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       889635                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    150365240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       235381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       409215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    208944894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    700037746                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    700037746                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    178597994                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30346900                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        39516                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22098                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2383795                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14359800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7820458                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735548                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        150144915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39581                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       141985100                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       201229                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18624823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42928555                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4505                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257355970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197531061     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24063080      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12923063      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8945786      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7831081      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4012050      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       959809      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       625212      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464828      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257355970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37444     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130206     42.65%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137659     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118857065     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2217343      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17392      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13127987      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7765313      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    141985100                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.480911                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305309                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541832708                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168810672                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139637052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    142290409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357981                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2526142                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          907                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164130                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8696                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4260                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3835481                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6621763                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       158766                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150184627                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14359800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7820458                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22059                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       111594                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1232850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1191449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2424299                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139899864                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12328652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2085236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20092214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19576806                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7763562                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473848                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            139639296                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           139637052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        82976096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       217333192                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.472958                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381792                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104876629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    128671090                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21515167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35076                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2137405                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253520489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200954562     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24376762      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10213636      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6142580      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4249689      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2745406      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1421847      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145608      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270399      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253520489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    104876629                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    128671090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19489986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11833658                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18415192                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       116002023                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2617839                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2270399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          401435645                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         304208074                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3173512                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              37885916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         104876629                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           128671090                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    104876629                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.815135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.815135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355223                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355223                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      631052533                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     193794086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     140403658                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35044                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22809331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18663457                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2237050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9602689                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8997651                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2360281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    220011187                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            127489316                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22809331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11357932                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26635983                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6078168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     11982663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13460841                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2238246                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    262441960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      235805977     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1249671      0.48%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1978612      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2675519      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2749064      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2324509      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1300398      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1933936      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12424274      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    262441960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431813                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      217748546                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     14264646                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26586775                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        30244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3811746                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3753727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    156464395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3811746                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      218346684                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2010851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     10871771                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26025911                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1374994                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    156403498                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       204637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       589829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    218265152                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    727581940                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    727581940                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    189517882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       28747262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        39244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20614                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         4081514                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14656007                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7936627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93406                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1859477                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        156210603                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       148488458                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20391                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17048250                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40635756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1813                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262441960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199597082     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25848295      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13100219      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9870566      3.76%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7750831      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3129544      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1978612      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1029177      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137634      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262441960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27624     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90416     36.61%     47.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128951     52.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124888997     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2210605      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18628      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13459363      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7910865      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    148488458                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.502938                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246991                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559686258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173298849                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146248608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    148735449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       297608                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2344224                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          616                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104278                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3811746                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1676089                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135278                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156250138                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57591                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14656007                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7936627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20615                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114133                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          616                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1306437                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1249401                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2555838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146426866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12662965                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2061592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20573519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20815885                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7910554                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.495956                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            146248880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           146248608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        83954866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       226208002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495352                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110476902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    135940714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20309438                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37570                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2265250                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258630214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202872658     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27626620     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10449254      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4975775      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4190542      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2409466      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2108444      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       951541      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3045914      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258630214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    110476902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    135940714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20144132                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12311783                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             18744                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19602886                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       122480978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2799343                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3045914                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          411833698                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         316312114                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3337860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              32799926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         110476902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           135940714                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    110476902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.672431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.672431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374191                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374191                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      659051795                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     203735122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     145039298                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        37536                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20262712                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18096962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1614575                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13585953                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13243040                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1215278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214223794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            115073011                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20262712                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     14458318                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25667190                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5289708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      8650157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12960981                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1584688                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    252207208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      226540018     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3914490      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1976078      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3876697      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1241939      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3590548      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         565710      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         907887      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9593841      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    252207208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.389758                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      212214850                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     10708292                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25616351                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        20613                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3647098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1910346                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18944                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    128713689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        35783                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3647098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      212443729                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6894926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3087606                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25388954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       744891                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    128524298                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        99949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       568712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    168446349                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    582472440                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    582472440                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    136679286                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       31767021                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        17259                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8738                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1720000                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     23191543                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3761806                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24843                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       853588                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        127861678                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       119766016                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77069                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23004303                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47075939                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252207208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199688383     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16508992      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17637063      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10175496      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5254272      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1315180      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1561414      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36326      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30082      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252207208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200356     57.15%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82578     23.56%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67622     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93911737     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938493      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8522      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21177383     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3729881      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    119766016                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.405654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350556                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492166861                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150883617                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116731831                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    120116572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94257                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4714517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          323                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85908                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3647098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       6050868                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89571                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127879092                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16914                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23191543                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3761806                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8734                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43032                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2391                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          323                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093396                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617990                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1711386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118249277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20873093                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1516735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           24602772                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17978844                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3729679                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.400517                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            116758441                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           116731831                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        70641038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       153819767                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.395377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.459246                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93015632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    104714000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23170272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1604471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248560110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209580197     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15314340      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9837484      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3095519      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5140265      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003174      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635312      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581219      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3372600      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248560110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     93015632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    104714000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             22152921                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            18477026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16066714                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        91508817                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1308449                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3372600                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          373071431                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         259418558                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4782095                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              43034678                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          93015632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           104714000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     93015632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.174110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.174110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.315049                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.315049                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      549674241                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     152094630                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     136724866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        17170                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22825774                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18676689                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2236786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9601234                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8999939                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2361624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101987                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    220106830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            127588812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22825774                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     11361563                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            26654102                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6081946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     11814642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13465706                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2237876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    262392452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      235738350     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1249079      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1980029      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2677262      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2750996      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2326008      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1299269      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1932834      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12438625      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    262392452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432150                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      217843004                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     14098522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26604665                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        30494                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3815764                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3756716                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    156587903                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2014                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3815764                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      218441593                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1981261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     10733950                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26043553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1376328                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    156527023                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       204862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       590315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    218433121                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    728154825                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    728154825                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    189633110                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28799990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        39241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20597                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         4086922                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14668253                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7941502                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93257                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1847885                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        156333964                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       148593343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20524                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17087273                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40725347                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1783                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262392452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199519451     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25847996      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13103441      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9881339      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7759852      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3133204      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1978816      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1030700      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137653      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262392452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27816     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90461     36.60%     47.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128851     52.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124976957     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2212658      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18639      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13469097      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7915992      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    148593343                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.503294                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247128                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559846786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173461214                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146351483                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    148840471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       300967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2349025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          600                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104412                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3815764                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1646457                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135241                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156373496                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14668253                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7941502                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20601                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          600                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1304448                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1250991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2555439                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146529438                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12671994                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2063901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20587679                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       20829668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7915685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.496303                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            146351711                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           146351483                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        84011032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       226371606                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.495700                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371120                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110544072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    136023271                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20350241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37595                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2265005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258576688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202794797     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27634379     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10455527      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4979136      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4188591      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2409304      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2114140      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       951806      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3049008      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258576688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    110544072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    136023271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             20156318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            12319228                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             18756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         19614764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       122555363                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2801032                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3049008                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          411900438                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         316562863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3337767                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              32849434                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         110544072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           136023271                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    110544072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.670807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.670807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.374419                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.374419                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      659515568                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     203874623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     145151488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        37562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       25613863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21326389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2325392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9758980                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9365455                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2757041                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108113                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222866569                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            140531495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          25613863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     12122496                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29291061                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6470012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     20228741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13837456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2222776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    276514425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      247223364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1796409      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2259311      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3605288      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1517169      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1943490      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2266330      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1037710      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       14865354      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    276514425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086756                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475988                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      221558688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     21667419                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        29151479                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        13944                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4122894                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3898480                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          657                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    171771657                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3201                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4122894                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      221783235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        715196                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     20325287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28940965                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       626840                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    170713318                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        90522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       437178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    238436729                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    793878541                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    793878541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    199619724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       38817000                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        41350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21555                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2201657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15976298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8360721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94369                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1895801                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        166676528                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       159956816                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160430                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20130707                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40920837                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1574                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276514425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208738967     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30910767     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12639355      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7081400      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9596178      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2956088      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2906534      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1562305      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122831      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276514425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1101507     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149567     10.73%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142567     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134754863     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2186886      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19795      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14659554      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8335718      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    159956816                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541782                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393641                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    597982128                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186849499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155796344                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    161350457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119035                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3002282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116594                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4122894                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        543713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68880                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166718034                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131347                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15976298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8360721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21554                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           77                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1377686                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305963                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2683649                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157172749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14419080                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2784067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           22754120                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       22227046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8335040                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.532352                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            155796710                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           155796344                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        93345169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       250759894                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527691                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116133814                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    143103552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23615157                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2345260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272391531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211825379     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30694608     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11141687      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5554958      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5078867      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2132650      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109618      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005842      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2847922      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272391531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    116133814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    143103552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21218140                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12974013                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             19918                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         20742670                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       128839557                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2955004                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2847922                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          436261512                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         337560333                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3375946                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              18727461                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         116133814                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           143103552                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    116133814                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.542256                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.542256                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393351                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393351                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      707214656                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     217703789                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     158876174                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        39892                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       25642590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21351177                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2327550                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9770435                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9381835                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2759624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223066697                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            140660996                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          25642590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12141459                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            29323267                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6480611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     19998995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13849652                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2224717                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    276526076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      247202809     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1798034      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2269512      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3609463      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1512250      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1945800      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2266015      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1037904      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       14884289      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    276526076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086853                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      221758506                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     21438749                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        29183636                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        13854                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4131330                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3902111                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          657                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    171947383                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3201                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4131330                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      221983527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        715476                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     20095000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        28972495                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       628240                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    170887329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        90297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       438359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    238685279                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    794690492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    794690492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    199797019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       38888260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        41323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21510                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2206950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     16004191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8367795                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93739                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1898505                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        166860429                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41469                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       160100708                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160078                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20197375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41105798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276526076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208687683     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30937875     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12653473      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7091122      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9602534      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2958446      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2907315      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1564759      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122869      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276526076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1102929     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150515     10.78%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142679     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134879568     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2188783      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19813      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14669930      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8342614      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    160100708                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.542270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1396123                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598283693                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187100037                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155940661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    161496831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3018636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116332                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4131330                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        544171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68077                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166901904                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16004191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8367795                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21509                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59336                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1377781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1309741                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2687522                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157317985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14431692                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2782723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22773566                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       22249298                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8341874                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532844                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            155941061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           155940661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        93441534                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       251018941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528179                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116236939                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    143230658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23671885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2347420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272394746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211773129     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30723762     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11152225      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5557930      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5085313      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2132455      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2113922      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006483      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2849527      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272394746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    116236939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    143230658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             21237018                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12985555                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             19936                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         20761110                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       128953996                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2957634                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2849527                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          436446956                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         337936432                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3380817                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              18715810                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         116236939                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           143230658                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    116236939                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.540001                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.540001                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      707861780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     217909034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     159021524                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        39928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       21683782                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17781806                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2123032                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9086444                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8483105                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2226057                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95406                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207100251                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            123190814                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          21683782                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10709162                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27106912                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6011585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     19569713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12757666                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2111366                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    257628013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      230521101     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2938721      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3391410      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1869800      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2168427      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1189354      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         808242      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2096745      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12644213      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    257628013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073444                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417254                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      205432991                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     21268559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26892568                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       202562                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3831331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3519590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        19800                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    150390077                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        98334                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3831331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      205748946                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6856087                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     13515651                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26787681                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       888315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    150299145                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       232886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       410147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           60                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    208857807                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    699750728                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    699750728                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    178554483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30303284                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        39604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2384852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     14358443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7816143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       206723                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1733967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        150056904                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39694                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       141894290                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       199018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18603932                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42926550                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4625                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257628013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197824217     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24061565      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12927746      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8940731      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7817616      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4006567      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       960117      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       624593      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464861      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257628013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37157     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130439     42.75%     54.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137502     45.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118774765     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2216849      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17388      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13124116      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7761172      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    141894290                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480604                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305098                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541920705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168701882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139546790                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    142199388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358955                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2527644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          916                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1356                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       161649                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8692                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4498                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3831331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       6336142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       155147                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150096731                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14358443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7816143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109013                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1356                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1232086                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1190143                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2422229                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139812386                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12327754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2081900                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           20087204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19569563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7759450                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            139548936                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           139546790                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        82938376                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       217193783                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381863                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104851173                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    128639828                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21458359                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35069                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2135321                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253796682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201243316     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24370272      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10212611      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6139865      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4249057      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2745204      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1421835      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1144695      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269827      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253796682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    104851173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    128639828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19485289                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11830795                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17496                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18410721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       115973830                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2617199                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2269827                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          401624340                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         304027799                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3171781                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              37613873                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         104851173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           128639828                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    104851173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.815819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.815819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      630675760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     193680850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     140358196                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35038                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       21645116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17748934                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2112915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8962808                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8458521                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2220347                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94641                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206430624                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            123020829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          21645116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10678868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27051432                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6005990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     19263026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12716052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2100765                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    256601311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      229549879     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2930047      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3379230      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1863281      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2161920      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1180546      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         807152      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        2100419      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12628837      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    256601311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.416678                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      204764983                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     20960168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26837156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       202529                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3836473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3515171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        19750                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    150165479                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        97542                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3836473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      205081397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       7171071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     12889348                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26732506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       890514                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    150073656                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       237182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       409080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           60                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    208526978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    698725637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    698725637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    178070665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       30456313                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        39118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21734                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2384006                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14322927                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7806430                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205869                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735880                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        149829237                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       141583708                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       201020                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18734478                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43367623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256601311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    196942515     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23993526      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12885590      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8932800      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7805676      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3999652      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       954980      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       622818      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       463754      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256601311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37114     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129334     42.60%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137162     45.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118504564     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2214492      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17341      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13097236      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7750075      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    141583708                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.479552                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303610                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    540273357                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168604250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139243554                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    141887318                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2524114                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          927                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1355                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       172602                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8671                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4170                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3836473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       6656369                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       158473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149868547                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14322927                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7806430                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21711                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       110800                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1355                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1223756                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1187031                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2410787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139512204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12299321                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2071504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 128                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20047323                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19520946                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7748002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472535                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            139245610                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           139243554                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        82753184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       216738791                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471625                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104567263                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    128291479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21578542                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34976                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2125001                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252764838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200352746     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24305303      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10183947      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6128140      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4234444      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2736786      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1416652      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1142316      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2264504      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252764838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    104567263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    128291479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19432641                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11798813                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17450                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18360851                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       115659794                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2610112                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2264504                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          400369653                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         303576595                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3158045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              38640575                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         104567263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           128291479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    104567263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.823464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.823464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.354175                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.354175                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      629300857                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     193246280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     140152392                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        34944                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19960738                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18011314                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1042508                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7555564                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7143861                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1103104                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46466                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211811684                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            125440221                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19960738                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8246965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24816766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3285645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     29281516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12148055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1046844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    268128497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      243311731     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         888659      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1809162      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         772299      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4126055      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3678635      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         712271      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1482475      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11347210      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    268128497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067608                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      209620530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     31487251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24725485                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        78665                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2216563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1752381                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    147080210                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2216563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      209894492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      29260473                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1284158                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24563336                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       909472                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    147001684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       472472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       298540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6541                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    172560547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    692342124                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    692342124                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    153096492                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       19464044                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        17069                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8622                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2105310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     34690691                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17546923                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160841                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       853359                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        146724048                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17121                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       141029662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80427                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11336681                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27257654                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268128497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217482367     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15464962      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12512932      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5402847      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6750948      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6409574      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3634935      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290433      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179499      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268128497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354910     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2712092     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79173      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88458358     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1231998      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8445      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33825943     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17504918     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    141029662                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477675                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3146175                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022309                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553414423                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158081504                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139831978                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    144175837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252957                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341792                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          557                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3664                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109959                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12432                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2216563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      28546872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       278096                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146741257                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34690691                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17546923                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8623                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       172324                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          136                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3664                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       607934                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614775                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1222709                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140052269                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33716932                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           51220232                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18355071                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17503300                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474364                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139835589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139831978                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        75540524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       149116423                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473618                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506588                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113636259                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    133541043                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13216432                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17022                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1065456                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265911934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217299995     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17886587      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8332904      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8198062      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2267051      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9382534      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711827      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       521166      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311808      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265911934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    113636259                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    133541043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             50785863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            33348899                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8498                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17634847                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       118749917                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1293439                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1311808                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          411357263                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         295731725                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4546844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              27113389                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         113636259                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           133541043                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    113636259                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.598131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.598131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      692394395                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     162361400                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     175153328                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20255696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18090093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1614277                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13571204                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13236162                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1215193                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48889                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214111646                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            115029241                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20255696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     14451355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            25655608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5289538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      8669087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12955362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1584446                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    252102566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      226446958     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3913358      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1974225      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3874504      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1240020      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3588375      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         564983      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         908808      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9591335      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    252102566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      212102418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     10727635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        25604710                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        20535                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3647264                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1910072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18936                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    128664885                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        35693                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3647264                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      212331509                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6968353                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      3033209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        25376988                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       745239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    128475005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       100283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       568666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    168381556                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    582246922                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    582246922                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    136602836                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       31778710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        17252                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1722415                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     23181964                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3760111                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24745                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       855648                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        127809246                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       119708713                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78099                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23010878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47101543                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252102566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199610946     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16499491      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17628786      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10167051      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5254469      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1314760      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1560668      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36347      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30048      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252102566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200696     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82544     23.53%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67542     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93867312     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938029      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8517      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21166774     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3728081      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    119708713                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.405460                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350782                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    491948869                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150837729                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116673094                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    120059495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93858                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4715583                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          298                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86171                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3647264                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       6120770                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89533                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127826651                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16407                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23181964                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3760111                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8733                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2458                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          298                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1092207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       618879                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1711086                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118190403                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20861954                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1518306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           24589824                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17969518                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3727870                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400317                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            116699930                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           116673094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        70606482                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       153751901                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.459223                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92963190                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    104655350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23176448                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1604164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248455302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209494983     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15307652      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9831630      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3094485      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5138029      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1002651      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635025      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581314      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3369533      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248455302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     92963190                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    104655350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             22140318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            18466378                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8570                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16057723                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        91457650                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1307763                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3369533                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          372917216                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         259313702                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4781398                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              43139320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          92963190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           104655350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     92963190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.175901                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.175901                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.314871                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.314871                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      549395124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     152021276                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     136668959                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        17160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22783103                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18641880                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2231772                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9588885                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8985611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2357273                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101875                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219716605                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            127346156                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22783103                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11342884                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26604531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6066776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     11983007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13440803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2232843                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    262110189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      235505658     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1247315      0.48%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1976883      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2671119      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2746896      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2322202      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1297374      0.49%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1930444      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12412298      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    262110189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431328                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      217455095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     14263781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26555338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        30306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3805666                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3749541                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    156287164                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3805666                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      218052947                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2005030                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     10877980                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25994751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1373812                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    156226219                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       204140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       589387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    218015878                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    726757496                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    726757496                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    189308959                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28706908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        39202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20592                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         4080687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14638432                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7927740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93045                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1854473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        156033595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39339                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       148318870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17028827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40582680                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1809                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262110189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199338096     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25819982      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13083761      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9856134      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7743268      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3126460      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1976988      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1028336      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137164      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262110189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27648     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90287     36.59%     47.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128787     52.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124745881     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2208497      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18607      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13443467      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7902418      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    148318870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.502364                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559014990                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173102368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146084442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    148565592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       299979                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2340254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          610                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104043                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3805666                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1670352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156073085                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14638432                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7927740                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20594                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114140                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          610                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1303380                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1247059                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2550439                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146262332                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12650320                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2056537                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 151                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20552417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       20792724                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7902097                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495398                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            146084703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           146084442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        83857863                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       225950309                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.494796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110355080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    135790720                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20282387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37530                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2259942                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258304523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202608277     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27597415     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10436528      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4970114      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4186537      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2406355      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2106226      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       949940      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3043131      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258304523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    110355080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    135790720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20121875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12298178                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         19581220                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       122345842                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2796244                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3043131                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          411333745                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         315951945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3330464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              33131697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         110355080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           135790720                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    110355080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.675381                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.675381                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373779                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373779                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      658318233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     203500195                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     144878527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        37496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21699893                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17795530                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2124387                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8942889                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8465903                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2222512                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94297                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207053286                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            123354520                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21699893                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10688415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27117621                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6044096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     19321730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12759002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2112741                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    257375267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      230257646     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2926803      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3385347      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1868740      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2168678      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1180484      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         804954      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2116278      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12666337      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    257375267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417808                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      205385145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     21022256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26901777                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       203238                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3862849                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3522610                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        19775                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    150612616                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        97710                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3862849                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      205696224                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6888279                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     13230208                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26802960                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       894745                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    150526906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       237037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       411436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    209151714                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    700831305                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    700831305                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    178456745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       30694958                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        39099                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21680                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2402205                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14375958                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7825595                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       206362                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1738858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        150292196                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141973756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       200862                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18878097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43753291                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257375267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197570986     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24041355      9.34%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12908811      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8958557      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7836934      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4012765      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       958039      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623247      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464573      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257375267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36855     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134116     43.50%     55.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137308     44.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118845458     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2220367      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17379      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13121187      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7769365      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141973756                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.480873                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            308279                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541831920                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169210819                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139622020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142282035                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2551591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          939                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1365                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       175218                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8689                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4307                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3862849                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6368131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       156909                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150331496                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        17024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14375958                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7825595                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21659                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109316                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1365                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1228205                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2425618                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139887587                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12321397                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2086169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20088794                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19567440                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7767397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473807                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139624108                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139622020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        82972502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       217402243                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.472907                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381654                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104793967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    128569558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21763431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35052                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2136542                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253512418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200989476     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24362197      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10206378      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6125725      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4250182      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2737727      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1426348      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145101      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269284      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253512418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    104793967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    128569558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19474739                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11824362                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17488                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18400615                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       115910532                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2615771                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2269284                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          401575421                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         304528922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3172727                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              37866619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         104793967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           128569558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    104793967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.817356                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.817356                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.354943                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.354943                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      630947778                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     193771855                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     140524953                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35020                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295241886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       21696936                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17790755                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2122692                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9091457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8486397                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2228719                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95676                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207151162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            123267099                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          21696936                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10715116                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27118996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6016182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     20307834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12760871                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2110798                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    258434212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      231315216     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2937237      1.14%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3389935      1.31%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1871745      0.72%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2168499      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1189439      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         808871      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2102462      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12650808      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    258434212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073489                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.417512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      205492941                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     21997601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        26905429                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       201864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3836375                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3523311                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        19841                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    150488679                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        98529                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3836375                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      205808182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6829379                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     14278057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        26800877                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       881340                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    150394261                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       229059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       407445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    208990142                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    700202181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    700202181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    178632614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30357528                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        39883                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22486                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2371517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     14365398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7818819                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205897                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        150155691                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39989                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       141970595                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       200714                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18649091                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43041583                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4905                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    258434212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    198607123     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24068008      9.31%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12930419      5.00%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8943477      3.46%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7823125      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4010071      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       961073      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       625303      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       465613      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    258434212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37453     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131059     42.77%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137885     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118834928     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2218544      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17396      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13131061      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7768666      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    141970595                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.480862                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306397                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    542882513                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168846113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139622820                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    142276992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358692                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2529437                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          700                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160993                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8698                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4077                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3836375                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6326544                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       153643                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150195813                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14365398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7818819                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22469                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       108361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231230                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1189750                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2420980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139889996                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12332120                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2080599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           20099068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19578664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7766948                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473815                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            139625151                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           139622820                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        82976472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       217323974                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.472910                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104896986                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    128696039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21501171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35084                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2135214                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    254597837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202022043     79.35%     79.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24379845      9.58%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10216531      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6144662      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4250629      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2745547      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1422150      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145445      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270985      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    254597837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    104896986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    128696039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             19493787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11835961                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         18418766                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       116024518                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2618346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2270985                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          402523360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         304230873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3169484                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              36807674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         104896986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           128696039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    104896986                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.814589                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.814589                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.355292                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.355292                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      631022972                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     193776139                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     140443781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        35052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295241824                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       25635442                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21344664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2328774                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9762748                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9379180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758447                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108002                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223040279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            140618294                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          25635442                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     12137627                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            29313814                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6482079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     20007558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13849462                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    276499957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      247186143     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1797503      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2269648      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3607535      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1511390      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1944327      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2265873      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1038039      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       14879499      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    276499957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476282                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      221733899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     21445953                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        29174763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        13766                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4131575                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3901685                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          658                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    171896260                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4131575                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      221958850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        714550                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     20103785                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        28963594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       627595                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    170839604                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        90183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       437660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    238613591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    794462478                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    794462478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    199725285                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       38888205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        41290                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21484                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2206544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15998373                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8365390                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93669                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1895910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        166810082                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41438                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       160049345                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20192639                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41107028                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1488                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276499957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208681334     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30933061     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12647388      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7086857      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9599850      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2957421      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2907245      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563446      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123355      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276499957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103320     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150526     10.78%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142656     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134836734     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187912      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19806      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14664364      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8340529      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    160049345                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542096                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1396502                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008725                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598156121                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187044923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155889216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    161445847                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118778                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3017494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116888                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4131575                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        543192                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68396                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166851526                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15998373                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8365390                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21483                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59672                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1379261                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1309591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2688852                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157265794                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14425763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2783551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           22765513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       22242248                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8339750                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532668                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            155889628                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           155889216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        93401474                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       250922070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116195290                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    143179262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23672915                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39950                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2348643                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272368382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211769458     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30713303     11.28%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11147290      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5555205      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5083202      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131980      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2111979      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006538      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2849427      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272368382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    116195290                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    143179262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             21229365                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12980870                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             19930                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         20753640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       128907738                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2956572                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2849427                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          436370326                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         337836023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3381633                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              18741867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         116195290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           143179262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    116195290                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.540910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.540910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393560                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393560                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      707623621                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     217832787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     158972647                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        39916                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32351                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.587599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.881014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.211687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.442633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1667.419712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         364.513567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.814170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.177985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8477                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8477                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40757                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40758                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32303                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32341                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56921970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30104207751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30161129721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24811156                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24811156                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56921970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30129018907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30185940877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56921970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30129018907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30185940877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8477                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8477                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1497946.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 932885.272730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933549.886127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 751853.212121                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 751853.212121                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1497946.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 932700.334551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933364.487091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1497946.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 932700.334551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933364.487091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4840                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4840                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53585570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27270418500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27324004070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21912131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21912131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53585570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27292330631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27345916201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53585570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27292330631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27345916201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1410146.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845070.297490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845734.928501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 664003.969697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 664003.969697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1410146.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 844885.324304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845549.494481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1410146.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 844885.324304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845549.494481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        38060                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.934910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         207416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        40108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.171437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.720868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     1.878266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1822.244758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         220.091017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.889768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.107466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 44915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               14262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  44947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        44946                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 44947                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               38013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                38060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38020                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               38060                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75872126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  36145116206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36220988332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     75590262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     75590262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75872126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  36220706468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    36296578594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75872126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  36220706468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   36296578594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             82928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           14262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              83007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             83007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.594937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.594937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1896803.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 951863.592711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952857.925762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1608303.446809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1608303.446809                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1896803.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 952675.078064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953667.330373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1896803.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 952675.078064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953667.330373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5958                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5958                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        37973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           38060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        38020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          38060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72360126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32810135159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32882495285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     71462558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71462558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72360126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32881597717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32953957843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72360126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  32881597717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32953957843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.594937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.458260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1809003.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 864038.531562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865032.890985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1520479.957447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520479.957447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1809003.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 864850.018858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865842.297504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1809003.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 864850.018858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865842.297504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        20492                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.522525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         233347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        22540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        10.352573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.403478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.575863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1665.016379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         347.526805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.812996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.169691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 38189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               20812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  38352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38351                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 38352                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               20470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                20479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               20479                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74667967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17270861537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17345529504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8699568                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8699568                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74667967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17279561105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    17354229072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74667967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17279561105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   17354229072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             58659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           20812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              58831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             58831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.052326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2018053.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845243.553908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847363.434489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 966618.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966618.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2018053.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845296.991733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847415.844133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2018053.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 845296.991733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847415.844133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              11049                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   11049                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           20479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          20479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71419367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15476537479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15547956846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7909368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7909368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71419367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15484446847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15555866214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71419367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15484446847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15555866214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.052326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1930253.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757428.545931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759548.453639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 878818.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878818.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1930253.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757481.990363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759600.869867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1930253.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 757481.990363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759600.869867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        13307                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.459870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         196548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        15355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        12.800261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.961074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.859871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1532.246238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         483.392687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.748167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.236032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 31727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               10212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  31895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31893                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 31895                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               13302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                13302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13261                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               13302                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72083211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10825765339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10897848550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72083211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10825765339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10897848550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72083211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10825765339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10897848550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        44986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             45029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           10212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        45154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              45197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        45154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             45197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1758127.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816361.159716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819263.911442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1758127.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816361.159716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819263.911442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1758127.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816361.159716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819263.911442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5847                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5847                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           13301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          13301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68480977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9659706432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9728187409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68480977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9659706432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9728187409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68480977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9659706432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9728187409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1670267.731707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728484.647964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731387.670777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1670267.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728484.647964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731387.670777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1670267.731707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728484.647964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731387.670777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        20131                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.830801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         161546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        22179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         7.283737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.688789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.000904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1679.043643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         338.097465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.819846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.165087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        37921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 37922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                6816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        37998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  37999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        37998                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 37999                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               20130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                20130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20097                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               20130                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57299287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15897541377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15954840664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57299287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15897541377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15954840664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57299287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15897541377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15954840664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             58052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            6816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              58129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             58129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1736342.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 791040.522317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792590.196920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1736342.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 791040.522317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 792590.196920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1736342.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 791040.522317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 792590.196920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           20130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          20130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54401887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14132880363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14187282250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54401887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14132880363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14187282250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54401887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14132880363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14187282250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1648542.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 703233.336468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704783.022851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1648542.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 703233.336468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704783.022851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1648542.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 703233.336468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704783.022851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        13324                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.462264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         196575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        15372                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        12.787861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.960027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     4.775782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1533.625425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         482.101029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.748841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.235401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 31746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10220                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               10220                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  31915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31913                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 31915                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               13319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                13319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13278                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               13319                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79927092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10795858426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10875785518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79927092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10795858426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    10875785518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79927092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10795858426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   10875785518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        45022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             45065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10220                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           10220                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        45191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              45234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        45191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             45234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1949441.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 813063.595873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816561.717697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1949441.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 813063.595873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816561.717697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1949441.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 813063.595873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816561.717697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5857                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5857                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           13318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          13318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76327292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9629813126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9706140418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76327292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9629813126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9706140418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76327292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9629813126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9706140418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1861641.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 725300.378549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728798.649797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1861641.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 725300.378549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728798.649797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1861641.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 725300.378549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728798.649797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         9496                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.217833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         219037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        11544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        18.974099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.070491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.010005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1411.888737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         592.248600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.689399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.289184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 31158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9701                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                9701                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  31396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31394                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 31396                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                9496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 9496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                9496                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96103792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7772766056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7868869848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96103792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7772766056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     7868869848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96103792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7772766056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    7868869848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             40654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9701                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            9701                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              40892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             40892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2669549.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 821645.460465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828650.994945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2669549.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 821645.460465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828650.994945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2669549.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 821645.460465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828650.994945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            9496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           9496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92942992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6941874112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7034817104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92942992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6941874112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7034817104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92942992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6941874112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7034817104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.231556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2581749.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 733813.331078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740818.987363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2581749.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 733813.331078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740818.987363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2581749.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 733813.331078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740818.987363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         9498                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.216258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         219104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        11546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        18.976615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.068958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.970123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1412.139872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         592.037305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.689521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.289081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 31207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9720                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9720                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  31445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31443                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 31445                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                9497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 9497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9462                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                9497                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94372259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7651437425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7745809684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94372259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7651437425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     7745809684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94372259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7651437425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    7745809684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             40704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9720                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9720                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              40942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             40942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2696350.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 808649.062038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815605.947562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2696350.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 808649.062038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815605.947562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2696350.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 808649.062038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815605.947562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4996                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4996                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            9497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           9497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91298260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6820593719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6911891979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91298260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6820593719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6911891979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91298260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6820593719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6911891979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608521.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 720840.595963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727797.407497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608521.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 720840.595963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727797.407497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608521.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 720840.595963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727797.407497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        20329                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.527133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         233281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        22377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        10.425035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.236698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.719449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1664.647242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         347.923743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.812816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.169885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 38126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               20808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  38289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38288                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 38289                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               20308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                20314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20277                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               20314                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74767137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17209693291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17284460428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5371009                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5371009                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74767137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17215064300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    17289831437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74767137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  17215064300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   17289831437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             58434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           20808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              58603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             58603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2020733.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848980.972374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851115.837502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 895168.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895168.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2020733.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848994.639246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851128.848922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2020733.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 848994.639246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851128.848922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              11036                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   11036                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           20314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          20314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71517551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15429538553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15501056104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4844209                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4844209                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71517551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15434382762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15505900313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71517551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15434382762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15505900313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1932906.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 761163.166741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763298.015757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807368.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807368.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1932906.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 761176.838881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763311.032441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1932906.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 761176.838881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763311.032441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        20608                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.533930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         233167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        22656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        10.291623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.971566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.592196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1665.777581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         347.192588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.813368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.169528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 38065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               20752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  38228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38227                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 38228                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               20590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                20593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20556                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               20593                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65875689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17833282814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17899158503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2821867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2821867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65875689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17836104681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    17901980370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65875689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  17836104681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   17901980370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        58617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             58655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           20752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        58783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              58821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        58783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             58821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.351036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.018072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.350096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.350096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1780424.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 867672.982728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869313.186158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940622.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940622.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1780424.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 867683.629159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 869323.574516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1780424.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 867683.629159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 869323.574516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              11056                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   11056                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           20593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          20593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62614189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16027298962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16089913151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2557717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2557717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62614189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16029856679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16092470868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62614189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16029856679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16092470868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.350632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1692275.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 779803.384518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781443.086498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852572.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852572.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1692275.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 779814.004622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781453.448648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1692275.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 779814.004622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781453.448648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        38083                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.935800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         207459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        40131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.169545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.711734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.850137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1819.399123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         222.974807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.888378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.108874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        44975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 44976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14246                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               14246                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  45006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45005                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 45006                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               38034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                38083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38043                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               38083                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80055915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35780513386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35860569301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     91392701                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     91392701                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80055915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35871906087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    35951962002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80055915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35871906087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   35951962002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             83010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14246                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           14246                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              83089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             83089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.620253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.620253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2001397.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 941741.153498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942855.584503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1865157.163265                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1865157.163265                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2001397.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942930.528271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944042.276134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2001397.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942930.528271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944042.276134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5975                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5975                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           38083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          38083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76543915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32444351423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32520895338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     87089687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87089687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76543915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32531441110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32607985025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76543915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32531441110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32607985025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.620253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.458084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1913597.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 853933.553272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855047.992270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1777340.551020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1777340.551020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1913597.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855122.916437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856234.672295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1913597.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855122.916437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856234.672295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        20115                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.833197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         161631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        22163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.292830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.557282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.129142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1678.246989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         337.899784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.819457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.164990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        37920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 37921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6902                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6902                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        37998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  37999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        37998                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 37999                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               20114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                20114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20080                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               20114                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65939458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15958863107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16024802565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65939458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15958863107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    16024802565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65939458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15958863107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   16024802565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        58000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             58035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6902                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6902                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        58078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              58113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        58078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             58113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1939395.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 794764.098954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 796698.944268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1939395.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 794764.098954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 796698.944268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1939395.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 794764.098954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 796698.944268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           20114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          20114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62953009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14195309400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14258262409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62953009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14195309400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14258262409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62953009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14195309400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14258262409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1851559.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 706937.719124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708872.546932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1851559.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 706937.719124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708872.546932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1851559.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 706937.719124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708872.546932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        13286                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.469937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         196507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        15334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        12.815117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.960613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.839901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1532.359835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         483.309588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.748223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.235991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 31698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10200                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               10200                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  31866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        31864                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 31866                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               13281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                13281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13240                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               13281                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71221067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11004515734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11075736801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71221067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11004515734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    11075736801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71221067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11004515734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   11075736801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        44936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             44979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10200                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           10200                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        45104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              45147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        45104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             45147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1737099.195122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 831156.777492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833953.527671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1737099.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 831156.777492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833953.527671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1737099.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 831156.777492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833953.527671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           13280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          13280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67619979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9839905752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9907525731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67619979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9839905752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9907525731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67619979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9839905752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9907525731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1649267.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 743251.435305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746048.624322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1649267.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 743251.435305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746048.624322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1649267.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 743251.435305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746048.624322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        20540                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.544277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         233312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        22588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        10.329024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.011211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.605835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1667.267657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         345.659574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.814096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.168779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 38143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20819                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               20819                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38304                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38305                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               20522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                20525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20488                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               20525                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67913417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17360804009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17428717426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2837555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2837555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67913417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17363641564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    17431554981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67913417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17363641564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   17431554981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             58665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20819                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           20819                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              58830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             58830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.018182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835497.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 847488.601855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849269.926226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 945851.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945851.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835497.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 847503.004881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849284.042923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835497.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 847503.004881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849284.042923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              11059                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   11059                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           20525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          20525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64664817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15561789997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15626454814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2574155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2574155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64664817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15564364152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15629028969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64664817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15564364152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15629028969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1747697.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 759667.561484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761448.923789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858051.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858051.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1747697.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 759681.967591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761463.043557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1747697.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 759681.967591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761463.043557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        20227                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.529111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         233323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        22275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        10.474658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.261449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.927444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1657.555420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         354.784799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.809353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.173235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 38135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20843                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               20843                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  38297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38296                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 38297                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               20204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                20211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20172                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               20211                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72896512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17066838107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17139734619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8438490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8438490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72896512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17075276597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    17148173109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72896512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  17075276597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   17148173109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        58299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             58339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20843                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           20843                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        58468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              58508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        58468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             58508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.041420                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.041420                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1869141.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846359.439970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848333.726935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1205498.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1205498.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1869141.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846484.066875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848457.429568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1869141.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846484.066875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848457.429568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks              11034                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                   11034                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           20211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          20211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69471212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15295813099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15365284311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7823779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7823779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69471212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15303636878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15373108090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69471212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15303636878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15373108090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.041420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1781313.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 758532.759683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760507.043704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1117682.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1117682.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1781313.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 758657.390343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760630.750087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1781313.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 758657.390343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760630.750087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         9496                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.215590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         219096                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        11544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        18.979210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.068474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.971571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1412.036288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         592.139258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.689471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.289130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 31202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9717                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                9717                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  31440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        31438                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 31440                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                9495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 9495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                9495                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96366198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7668407139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7764773337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96366198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7668407139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     7764773337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96366198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7668407139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    7764773337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             40697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9717                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            9717                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              40935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             40935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2753319.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810613.862474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817774.969668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2753319.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810613.862474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817774.969668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2753319.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810613.862474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817774.969668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4995                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4995                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            9495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           9495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93293098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6837727341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931020439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93293098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6837727341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931020439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93293098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6837727341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6931020439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.231307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2665517.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722804.158668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729965.291101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2665517.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722804.158668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729965.291101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2665517.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722804.158668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729965.291101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.821637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012393402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913787.149338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.821637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12385353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12385353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12385353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12385353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12385353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12385353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90163194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90163194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90163194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90163194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90163194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90163194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12385414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12385414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12385414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12385414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12385414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12385414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1478085.147541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1478085.147541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1478085.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1478085.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1478085.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1478085.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57324014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57324014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57324014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57324014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57324014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57324014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1469846.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1469846.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1469846.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1469846.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1469846.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1469846.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180703500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2464.721207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.178298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.821702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8580519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8580519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20384                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20384                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15689026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15689026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       189941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       190935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       190935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83482683979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83482683979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    336999261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    336999261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83819683240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83819683240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83819683240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83819683240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8770460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8770460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20384                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20384                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15879961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15879961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15879961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15879961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439519.029483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439519.029483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 339033.461771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339033.461771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438995.905622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438995.905622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 438995.905622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438995.905622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       169096                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       169096                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33042193292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33042193292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31939512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31939512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33074132804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33074132804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33074132804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33074132804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453123.150972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453123.150972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 229780.661871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229780.661871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 452698.231645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452698.231645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 452698.231645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452698.231645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              579.130014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1037061988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1775791.075342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    38.802851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   540.327163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.865909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12120662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12120662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12120662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12120662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12120662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12120662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    107026314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107026314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    107026314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107026314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    107026314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107026314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12120721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12120721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12120721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12120721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12120721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12120721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1814005.322034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1814005.322034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1814005.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1814005.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1814005.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1814005.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     76270669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76270669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     76270669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76270669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     76270669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76270669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1860260.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860260.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1860260.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860260.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1860260.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860260.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                82966                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              448673607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                83222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5391.286042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.912580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.087420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     31738587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31738587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17379998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17379998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8495                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8495                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     49118585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       49118585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     49118585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      49118585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       304637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       304945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       304945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       304945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       304945                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150095730850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 150095730850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    289625709                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    289625709                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150385356559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150385356559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150385356559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150385356559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     32043224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32043224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17380306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17380306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8495                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8495                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49423530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49423530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49423530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49423530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 492703.548321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492703.548321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 940343.211039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940343.211039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 493155.672528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493155.672528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 493155.672528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493155.672528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       574484                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       574484                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           14262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       221979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        82966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  39528094097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39528094097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     78094313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78094313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  39606188410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39606188410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  39606188410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39606188410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 476891.359284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476891.359284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 988535.607595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988535.607595                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 477378.545549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477378.545549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 477378.545549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477378.545549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              519.217639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1008324511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1939085.598077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.217639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.059644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12762065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12762065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12762065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12762065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12762065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12762065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99218900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99218900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99218900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99218900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99218900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99218900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12762117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12762117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12762117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12762117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12762117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12762117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1908055.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1908055.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1908055.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1908055.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1908055.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1908055.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75058178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75058178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75058178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75058178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     75058178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75058178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975215.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975215.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975215.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975215.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1975215.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1975215.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                58793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              172739188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                59049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2925.353317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.937838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.062162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.913820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.086180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8995142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8995142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7612855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7612855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16607997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       16607997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16607997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      16607997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       201026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       201026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5962                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5962                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       206988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       206988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       206988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       206988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  84461652982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84461652982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3761228366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3761228366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  88222881348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88222881348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  88222881348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88222881348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9196168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9196168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7618817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7618817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16814985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16814985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16814985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16814985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 420152.880632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420152.880632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 630866.884602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 630866.884602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 426222.202968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426222.202968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 426222.202968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426222.202968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49315946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets           104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 474191.788462                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           20812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       142405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       148195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       148195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       148195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       148195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19951387891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19951387891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19412906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19412906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19970800797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19970800797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  19970800797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19970800797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340345.403371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340345.403371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112865.732558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112865.732558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339679.907421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339679.907421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 339679.907421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339679.907421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              516.705270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1007723885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1945412.905405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    41.705270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.066835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13460783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13460783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13460783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13460783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13460783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13460783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95189185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95189185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95189185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95189185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95189185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95189185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13460841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13460841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13460841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13460841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13460841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13460841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1641192.844828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1641192.844828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1641192.844828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1641192.844828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1641192.844828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1641192.844828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72555429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72555429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72555429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72555429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72555429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72555429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1687335.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1687335.558140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1687335.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1687335.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1687335.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1687335.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                45154                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167320510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                45410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3684.662189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.630991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.369009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9263085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9263085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7795307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7795307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18768                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18768                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17058392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17058392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17058392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17058392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       144438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       145430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       145430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       145430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       145430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  48706343335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48706343335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     83721240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83721240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  48790064575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48790064575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  48790064575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48790064575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9407523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9407523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7796299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7796299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20467                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20467                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18768                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18768                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17203822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17203822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17203822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17203822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337212.806429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337212.806429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84396.411290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84396.411290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335488.307605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335488.307605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335488.307605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335488.307605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           10212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        99452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       100276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       100276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        44986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        45154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        45154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13004207719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13004207719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10841540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10841540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13015049259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13015049259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13015049259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13015049259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 289072.327369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289072.327369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64532.976190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64532.976190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288236.906121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288236.906121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288236.906121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288236.906121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              559.080921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              926779480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1652013.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.074793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.006128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12960933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12960933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12960933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12960933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12960933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12960933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74600199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74600199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74600199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74600199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74600199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74600199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12960981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12960981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12960981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12960981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12960981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12960981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1554170.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1554170.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1554170.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1554170.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1554170.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1554170.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57694265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57694265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57694265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57694265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57694265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57694265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1696890.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696890.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1696890.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696890.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1696890.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696890.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                58095                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              224839810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                58351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3853.229765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.142630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.857370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.789620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.210380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19061980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19061980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3658200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3658200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8658                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     22720180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       22720180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     22720180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      22720180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       205254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       205587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       205587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       205587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       205587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  91513985072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91513985072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28644530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28644530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  91542629602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91542629602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  91542629602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91542629602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19267234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19267234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3658533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3658533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     22925767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22925767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     22925767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22925767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 445857.255264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445857.255264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86019.609610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86019.609610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 445274.407438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445274.407438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 445274.407438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445274.407438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18550651886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18550651886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5001080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5001080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18555652966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18555652966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18555652966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18555652966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 319739.596091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319739.596091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64949.090909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64949.090909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 319401.892865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319401.892865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 319401.892865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319401.892865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.067626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1007728749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1945422.295367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    42.067626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.067416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13465647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13465647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13465647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13465647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13465647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13465647                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97889042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97889042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97889042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97889042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97889042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97889042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13465705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13465705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13465705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13465705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13465705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13465705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1687742.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687742.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1687742.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1687742.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1687742.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1687742.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80411804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80411804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80411804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80411804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80411804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80411804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870041.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870041.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870041.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870041.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870041.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870041.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                45191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167329079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                45447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3681.850925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.634158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.365842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9266946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9266946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7800014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7800014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17066960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17066960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17066960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17066960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       144471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       145473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       145473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       145473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       145473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  48566710712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48566710712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84555541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84555541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  48651266253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48651266253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  48651266253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48651266253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9411417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9411417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7801016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7801016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        20455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17212433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17212433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17212433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17212433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 336169.270733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336169.270733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84386.767465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84386.767465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 334435.024046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334435.024046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 334435.024046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334435.024046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           10220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        99449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          833                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       100282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       100282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        45022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        45191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        45191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12975639343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12975639343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10919712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10919712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12986559055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12986559055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12986559055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12986559055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 288206.639932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288206.639932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64613.680473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64613.680473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287370.473214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287370.473214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 287370.473214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287370.473214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              490.675985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1011199924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2051115.464503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.675985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.057173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13837404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13837404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13837404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13837404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13837404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13837404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    149033205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149033205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    149033205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149033205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    149033205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149033205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13837454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13837454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13837454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13837454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13837454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13837454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2980664.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2980664.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2980664.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2980664.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2980664.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2980664.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2072964                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       690988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96550360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96550360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96550360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96550360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96550360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96550360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2540798.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2540798.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2540798.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2540798.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2540798.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2540798.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                40854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165646446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                41110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4029.346777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.329185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.670815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     11040557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11040557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8201370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8201370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21237                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21237                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19241927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       19241927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19241927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      19241927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       105312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       107770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       107770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       107770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       107770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23691102298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23691102298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    157588807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157588807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23848691105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23848691105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  23848691105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23848691105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     11145869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11145869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8203828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8203828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        21237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19349697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19349697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19349697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19349697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 224961.089885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224961.089885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64112.614727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64112.614727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221292.484968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221292.484968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221292.484968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221292.484968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           52                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        64696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        40854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9877554730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9877554730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17374866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17374866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9894929596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9894929596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9894929596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9894929596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 243193.685493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243193.685493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73003.638655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73003.638655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242202.222451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242202.222451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242202.222451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242202.222451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.640126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011212121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2055309.189024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.640126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13849601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13849601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13849601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13849601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13849601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13849601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144796174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144796174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144796174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144796174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144796174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144796174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13849650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13849650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13849650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13849650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13849650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13849650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2955023.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2955023.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2732231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683057.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94792349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94792349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94792349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94792349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94792349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94792349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2561955.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2561955.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                40905                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              165663838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                41161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4024.776803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.333683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.666317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     11050678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11050678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8208670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8208670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19259348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       19259348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19259348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      19259348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       105394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       107852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       107852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       107852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       107852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23407615146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23407615146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    157489387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157489387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23565104533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23565104533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23565104533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23565104533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     11156072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11156072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8211128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8211128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        21190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19367200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19367200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19367200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19367200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 222096.278213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222096.278213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64072.167209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64072.167209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218494.831185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218494.831185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218494.831185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218494.831185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9720                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        64727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        66947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        66947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9759371175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9759371175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17383788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17383788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9776754963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9776754963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9776754963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9776754963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239982.570020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239982.570020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73041.126050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73041.126050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239011.244664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239011.244664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239011.244664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239011.244664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              519.259048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1008320061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1939077.040385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.259048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12757615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12757615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12757615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12757615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12757615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12757615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101119013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101119013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101119013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101119013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101119013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101119013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12757666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12757666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12757666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12757666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12757666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12757666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982725.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1982725.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1982725.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75140960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75140960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75140960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1977393.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977393.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977393.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                58565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              172736392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                58821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2936.644940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.936225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.063775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8994103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8994103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7611124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7611124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17519                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16605227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       16605227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16605227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      16605227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       200655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       206521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       206521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       206521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       206521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  84830556258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84830556258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3775629006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3775629006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  88606185264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88606185264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  88606185264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88606185264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9194758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9194758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7616990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7616990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16811748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16811748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16811748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16811748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 422768.215385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422768.215385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 643646.267644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 643646.267644                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 429042.011534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429042.011534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 429042.011534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429042.011534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     52160467                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets           102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 511377.127451                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           20808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       142259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147956                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19884835380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19884835380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     16006145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16006145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19900841525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19900841525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19900841525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19900841525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340517.079594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340517.079594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94710.917160                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94710.917160                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339807.761035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339807.761035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339807.761035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339807.761035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.529140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1008278448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1938997.015385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.529140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.058540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12716002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12716002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12716002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12716002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12716002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12716002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88721732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88721732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88721732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88721732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88721732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88721732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12716052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12716052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12716052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12716052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12716052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12716052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1774434.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1774434.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1774434.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1774434.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1774434.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1774434.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66261878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66261878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66261878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66261878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66261878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66261878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1743733.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743733.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1743733.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743733.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1743733.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1743733.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                58783                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172697000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                59039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2925.134233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.933705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.066295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.913804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.086196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8975526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8975526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7590613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7590613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18555                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16566139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16566139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16566139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16566139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       200369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       206182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       206182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       206182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       206182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  85721624253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85721624253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3608948181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3608948181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  89330572434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89330572434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  89330572434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89330572434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9175895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9175895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7596426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7596426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16772321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16772321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16772321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16772321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 427818.795587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427818.795587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 620840.905040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 620840.905040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 433260.771716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433260.771716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 433260.771716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433260.771716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48320947                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 525227.684783                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           20752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       141752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       147399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        58617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        58783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        58783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20507704601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20507704601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13423441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13423441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20521128042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20521128042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20521128042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20521128042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 349859.334340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349859.334340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 80864.102410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80864.102410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 349099.706412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349099.706412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 349099.706412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349099.706412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              579.054515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1037089323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1775837.881849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.880172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.174343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12147997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12147997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12147997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12147997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12147997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12147997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105084715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105084715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105084715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105084715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105084715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105084715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12148054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12148054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12148054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12148054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12148054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12148054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1843591.491228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1843591.491228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1843591.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1843591.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1843591.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1843591.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80453459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80453459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80453459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80453459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80453459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80453459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1962279.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962279.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1962279.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962279.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1962279.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962279.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                83048                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              448781031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                83304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5387.268691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.912732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.087268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31806572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31806572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17419393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17419393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49225965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       49225965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49225965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      49225965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       304728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       304728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148490992588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 148490992588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    380493310                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    380493310                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148871485898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 148871485898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148871485898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 148871485898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     32110972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32110972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17419721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17419721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49530693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49530693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49530693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49530693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 487815.350158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487815.350158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1160040.579268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1160040.579268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 488538.913057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488538.913057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 488538.913057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488538.913057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       734547                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       734547                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           14246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        83048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        83048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39167813834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39167813834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     93791756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93791756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39261605590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39261605590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39261605590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39261605590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472077.689667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472077.689667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1187237.417722                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187237.417722                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472757.990439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472757.990439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472757.990439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472757.990439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              559.272658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              926773858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1649063.804270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    34.142049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.130609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12955311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12955311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12955311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12955311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12955311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12955311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90086545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90086545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90086545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90086545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90086545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90086545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12955362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12955362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12955362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12955362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12955362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12955362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1766402.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1766402.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1766402.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1766402.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1766402.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1766402.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66298400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66298400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66298400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66298400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66298400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66298400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1894240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1894240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1894240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1894240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1894240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1894240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                58078                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224827774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                58334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3854.146364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.019184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.980816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.789137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.210863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19051912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19051912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3656243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3656243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     22708155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       22708155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     22708155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      22708155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       205067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       205412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       205412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       205412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       205412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  91945694038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91945694038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29890253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29890253                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  91975584291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91975584291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  91975584291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91975584291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19256979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19256979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3656588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3656588                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     22913567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22913567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     22913567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22913567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 448369.040548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448369.040548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86638.414493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86638.414493                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447761.495390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447761.495390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 447761.495390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447761.495390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        58000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        58078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        58078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18611877681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18611877681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5079559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5079559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18616957240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18616957240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  18616957240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18616957240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320894.442776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320894.442776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65122.551282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65122.551282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320550.935638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320550.935638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 320550.935638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320550.935638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              516.535534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1007703845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1945374.218147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    41.535534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.066563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13440743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13440743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13440743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13440743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13440743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13440743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     94942127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94942127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     94942127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94942127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     94942127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94942127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13440803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13440803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13440803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13440803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13440803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13440803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1582368.783333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582368.783333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1582368.783333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582368.783333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1582368.783333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582368.783333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71694128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71694128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71694128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71694128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71694128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71694128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1667305.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1667305.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1667305.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1667305.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1667305.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1667305.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                45104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167300175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                45360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3688.275463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.637257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.362743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9251394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9251394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7786695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7786695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17038089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17038089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17038089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17038089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       144362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       145354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       145354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       145354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       145354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  49494969260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49494969260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83725093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83725093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  49578694353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49578694353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  49578694353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49578694353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9395756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9395756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7787687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7787687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17183443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17183443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17183443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17183443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 342853.169532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342853.169532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84400.295363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.295363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341089.301657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341089.301657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341089.301657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341089.301657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           10200                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        99426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        44936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        45104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        45104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13180884427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13180884427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10852136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10852136                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13191736563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13191736563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13191736563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13191736563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293325.717176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293325.717176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64596.047619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64596.047619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 292473.762039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292473.762039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 292473.762039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292473.762039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.216596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1008321399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1939079.613462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.216596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12758953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12758953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12758953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12758953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12758953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12758953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91948366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91948366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91948366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91948366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91948366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91948366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12759002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12759002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12759002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12759002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12759002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12759002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1876497.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1876497.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68304574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68304574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68304574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68304574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68304574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68304574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1797488.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797488.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                58792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              172728648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                59048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2925.224360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.937325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.062675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8990910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8990910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7606932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7606932                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17510                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17510                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16597842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16597842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16597842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16597842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       200405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5959                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5959                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       206364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       206364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       206364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       206364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  84121350439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84121350439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3810111517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3810111517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  87931461956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87931461956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  87931461956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87931461956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9191315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9191315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7612891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7612891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18462                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17510                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17510                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16804206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16804206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16804206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16804206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 419756.744787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419756.744787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 639387.735694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 639387.735694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 426098.844547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426098.844547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 426098.844547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426098.844547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49861723                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets           102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 488840.421569                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           20819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       141778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20039502331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20039502331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13431365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13431365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20052933696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20052933696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20052933696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20052933696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341813.538660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341813.538660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81402.212121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81402.212121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341082.693156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341082.693156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341082.693156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341082.693156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              520.443892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1008323263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1931653.760536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.443892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.061609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12760817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12760817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12760817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12760817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12760817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12760817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     98806460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98806460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     98806460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98806460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     98806460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98806460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12760871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12760871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12760871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12760871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12760871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12760871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1829749.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1829749.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1829749.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1829749.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1829749.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1829749.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73308256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73308256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73308256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73308256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73308256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73308256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1832706.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832706.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1832706.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832706.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1832706.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832706.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                58468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172743511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                58724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2941.616903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.934586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.065414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8998005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8998005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7614308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7614308                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16612313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16612313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16612313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16612313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       200556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5999                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5999                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       206555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       206555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       206555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       206555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  84499701438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84499701438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3681054763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3681054763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  88180756201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88180756201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  88180756201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88180756201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9198561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9198561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7620307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7620307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16818868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16818868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16818868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16818868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 421327.217525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421327.217525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 613611.395733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 613611.395733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 426911.748450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426911.748450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 426911.748450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426911.748450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47191657                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets           100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 471916.570000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           20843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       142257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       148087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       148087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        58299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        58468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        58468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19741963954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19741963954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19011590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19011590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19760975544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19760975544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19760975544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19760975544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338632.977478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338632.977478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112494.615385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112494.615385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337979.331327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337979.331327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337979.331327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337979.331327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              490.639600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1011211931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2055308.802846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.639600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13849411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13849411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13849411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13849411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13849411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13849411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149446105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149446105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149446105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149446105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149446105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149446105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13849460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13849460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13849460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13849460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13849460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13849460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3049920.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3049920.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3049920.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3049920.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3049920.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3049920.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2727820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909273.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96789440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96789440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96789440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96789440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96789440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96789440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2615930.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615930.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2615930.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615930.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2615930.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2615930.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                40897                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165656170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                41153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4025.372877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.332852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.667148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     11046000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11046000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8205715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8205715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19958                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19958                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19251715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       19251715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19251715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      19251715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       105243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       107701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       107701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       107701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       107701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23469752664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23469752664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    157645376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157645376                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23627398040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23627398040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23627398040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23627398040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     11151243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11151243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8208173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8208173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        21161                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21161                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19958                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19359416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19359416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19359416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19359416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223005.355834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223005.355834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64135.628967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64135.628967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219379.560450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219379.560450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219379.560450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219379.560450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           27                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        64583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        66803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        66803                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66803                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        40898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9775923731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9775923731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17384054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17384054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9793307785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9793307785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9793307785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9793307785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240430.982071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240430.982071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73042.243697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73042.243697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239456.887501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239456.887501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239456.887501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239456.887501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
